My sources have suggested that so far the company sees no reason to change its tax structures , which are perfectly legal .                                                   
' Sometimes I think about leaving sex work , but because I am alone living costs are really expensive ,' she said .                                                   
We would open our main presents after lunch ( before the Queen ' s speech ) then take the dog for a walk .                                                 
' I was then stuck in the house for nearly two years only going out for short periods of time ,' she said .                                                 
I ' d say this is really the first time I ' ve had it in my career : how good I feel about my game and knowing where it ' s at .                             
In only one state , Utah , did more people say they supported giving states control , with 47 % of those questioned saying they did and 41 % saying they did not .                             
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , but analysts say it appears to be an attempt to prevent peace talks between the nuclear - armed neighbours .                                   
There ' s " definitely a lot of wind , rain and snow , so definitely a significant storm for this time of year ," Thompson said .                                         
Good news , say those who believe that the honour of playing football for a club carrying Liverpool ' s history should be reason enough to play , whatever the price .                                 
We know our customers better than anyone else and we need to make sure that our offer meets their changing needs .                                                     
She tweeted : ' Long day of press only to find out we ' ve officially been kicked out the hotel !                                                       
I was paid far too little to pick up a dead off of the ground and put it back in the box .                                                   
We got to a bus station in the evening , but our connection didn ' t leave until the following morning .                                                     
It ' s actually something that I had to add , because I was getting really frustrated losing to my hitting partner all the time .                                             
An estimated 80 million people across 20 states are facing a second day of being effectively trapped inside due to heavy snow and dangerous conditions , which are expected to last until Sunday .                             
The 32 - year - old reality star gave birth to her and West ' s first child together on Saturday , five weeks earlier than expected .                                         
With some people , when they can ' t cycle any more because of their age they push their bike along as a walking frame .                                             
Her response to the international refugee crisis gave a million refugees hope that they may be able to begin a new life .                                                   
But I still believe it ' s a big difference , top 10 for a week or for a year or for multiple years , and getting there is not easy .                                 
In my family I was always told you never hit a woman ... because I had never seen someone as violent as that , it didn ' t occur to me to hit back .                           
He has , I gather , convinced Cameron that it is not worth having to fight off multiple challenges from high - profile lawyers .                                               
" All of us can agree that it makes sense to do everything we can to keep guns out of the hands of people who would do others harm , or themselves harm ," he said .                       
However one leading education expert has warned that the group ' s plans are unlikely to receive the significant investment they would require .                                                 
" I am serious ," said the man whose public statements are not always quite as serious as he likes to make out .                                                 
I ' ve got a door frame pull - up bar at home and here at the office - so I ' ll knock them off any time .                                       
We ' ve only been recording them for the last month or so , but now that word has spread we ' re getting daily reports - people finding eight or 10 at a time .                         
The security guard claimed he suffered back pain and shock on his way home later that day and was taken to hospital .                                                   
" In the 1960s people thought it was good to get a house and a car , and we built our new family houses in suburbs around the city ," he said .                               
She said she could not sleep for more than an hour a night and and barely left the house other than to go to the doctors or the library .                                     
This is a regime that people supported even at the expense of their own rights in order to defeat terrorism , and yet terrorism attacks today are at an all - time high and we have seen the almost complete destruction of the tourism sector .     
But the business has been criticised for charging clients £ 18 an hour when some charities offer a similar service for free .                                                   
' My job is to make sure the science is brought together that we have low risk guidelines in place so that people can take their choices ,' she said .                                   
We all have the power to make ourselves present for one another and to say , I see you , I hear you , I ' m here .                                       
Ms Harris added that she hoped the message gets back to the shop worker so she won ' t do the same to another customer .                                             
But these are all things that save me time and that I ' m happy to share with other iPhone users .                                                     
If you ' re white in America , and you don ' t have a problem with race , then race problems don ' t frequently find you .                                       
Colombia ' s health ministry has advised women to delay becoming pregnant for six to eight months to avoid possible risks related to the Zika virus .                                           
You know he ' s got the form on the board with the wet tracks , but it ' s always in the back of your mind .                                         
And that is part of what I ' m going to Saudi Arabia about : to make sure our friends see clearly how we will go forward on , together , to address those kinds of concerns .                     
She said : " To those around me I probably looked happy enough but a smile can hide a lot - I happen to have a pretty large smile and I used my smile to hide behind .                       
The company didn ' t say when everyone with a Facebook account and a smartphone will have an opportunity to broadcast live .                                                   
They added : " Our customers and crews deserve to enjoy their flights , and not to suffer any form of abuse .                                                     
But the figures are part of an official internal analysis of the party ' s rising membership covering the period since Jeremy Corbyn became leader .                                             
Other primaries are " closed ," which means only card - carrying party members may vote in that party ' s primary .                                                   
This was up from 0 . 4 per cent between July and September , but still meant output rose by just 2 . 2 per cent across the whole of last year .                               
His son , Lincoln O ' Barry , said immigration authorities had turned down his father ' s request to visit Japan using a tourist visa .                                           
" Global factors have determined this type of movement ; oil prices have been falling consistently now since about November ," he said .                                                 
But you asked a question about propaganda , we will not do that , we will participate directly , we will not finance campaigning organisations in the referendum , we never do .                               
" Young people , of course , can talk much better about social media than people like me can ," she says .                                                   
But ... if I ' m going to finish second , I ' d rather finish by nine seconds to Simon rather than one second .                                             
I won the gold in London four years ago so to try to defend that is another big goal for me .                                                     
We wouldn ' t seek to be a police force but [ what ] has been crucial is we have very close relationships with police forces around the world .                                     
With more than two inches of rain forecast on Monday and Tuesday , time is not on Australia ' s side .                                                     
Obama ' s past efforts to pass tough new gun laws , including a massive push in 2013 , have failed despite repeated mass shootings .                                             
The Met has been criticised over delays in its investigation after it emerged officers spoke to Mr Simpson - Kent at the family home on 16 December .                                         
Her view is that we can ask the wealthy to pay their fair share in taxes and that will cover paid leave .                                                   
The meeting comes as government figures show that UK air strikes have risen from a monthly average of 29 between May and October last year to more than 80 in December .                                 
" The only reason this is really appealing and something I really looking forward to is it ' s such a short - term contract ," he said .                                       
" Right now I don ' t mind it , I don ' t know what to do ," she said of the focus .                                               
When the Coalition came to power in 2013 it announced it would only fund the first four years of Labor ' s six - year school funding deals .                                       
He hadn ' t been seen in public since he reportedly attended a concert with his wife on September 3 .                                                       
I ' m sure millions of music fans felt immediately when they learned the news , that David was one of the greatest rock figures ever ... a man who always moved forward , challenging the way we thought about music and life .         
Sir Stuart , who is currently vice chief of the defence staff , will take up his new position this summer .                                                     
The post gained nearly 100 comments and at least six women said the same thing had happened to their glass furniture from B & M .                                             
However , until we have looked further into this specific incident , you will understand we are unable to comment further until an engineer ' s report is completed .                                     
THE escape of two inmates from a disability justice centre has prompted the minister to order an independent review of the controversial facility .                                                 
He may be a good president - in any case he will be much better than the current one as anyone would do a better job .                                           
One of the messages I give is stop and slow down and think about where you want your life to go and that takes time - if people don ' t accept that , they tend to feel very frustrated with how long it all takes .   
' And that ' s why the president once to be sure that the recommendations he has received and the executive actions that he carries out are going to stand up in a court of law .                       
The agreement has been widely condemned , with critics claiming that , in effect , Google was paying a 3 per cent rate of tax .                                             
Costa had gone in hard on Oscar with a tackle and the midfielder responded with an extremely heavy one of his own that caused the pair to square up .                                     
I can hold my referendum any time up until the end of 2017 and it is much more important to get this right than to rush it .                                         
The pair were taken to the San Francisco police ' s Park Station and will eventually be moved to the city jail .                                                   
He died in January but his body had to be frozen until September while she saved up for the funeral .                                                       
He thinks the public has a right to know exactly who is paying whom and how much , and that the information should be available to the public on the commission website .                               
He ' s had three starts this time in and even though the form says 0 - 5 - 0 he hasn ' t really been disappointing - it ' s just been bad barriers and wet tracks .                   
" No woman could get within 100 miles of [ Clinton ] while I was on watch ," he said .                                                       
I can ' t turn back the clock [ but ] I can reach out to his parents which I have done and I can totally understand why they don ' t want to talk to me or have anything to do with me .       
As recently as 12 months ago he would come in and sit with the guys in the changing room and wish them all the best , like he had never ever left .                               
You don ' t really think children get cancer and when you are told your own child has got it , it ' s just very hard to deal with .                                   
A 16 - year - old girl had 50 percent of her body burned and remains in a stable but critical condition .                                                   
He said the quick turn around of Australian prime ministers during his six years in the US had caused some concern in Washington , D . C .                                         
I don ' t know if it ' s because we are all more involved in social media , we are more likely to see and share these things .                                     
She all but dropped what has been daily criticism of Sanders " past votes on gun measures and his healthcare plan .                                                     
Here ' s what you need to know about the outbreak that has put health officials around the world on alert .                                                     
Now , one win removed from his first Super Bowl appearance , he ' s playing in the comfort of home .                                                     
And we need voters who want safer gun laws , and who are disappointed in leaders who stand in their way , to remember come election time .                                         
This has paid off : the proportion of Miami ' s students who are foreign is three times the national average .                                                     
We are keen to learn what changes might be made to ensure that the code clearly reflects the standards that the public have the right to expect from their MPs .                                   
His wife , Kim , is due to have their first child in February and didn ' t travel with him .                                                     
More coaches , who are more focused on keeping the game fun and watching players develop skills that help them for life as opposed to winning at all costs , would no doubt help .                           
This is the incredible story of how a Greek rescue dog who was taken from the streets to be put to sleep , but ended up making an amazing full recovery .                                 
According to the Guardian , Sir Michael said : ' What we need - because the economy is now so different from when I started teaching - is for more young people to do better than ever before .                     
" We ' re not just providing food to people in crisis - we aim to provide the support too by referring people on to other services to help them get back on their feet ," she added .                   
When it ends up as the second goal , you can imagine the major blow it has to our feelings , our performance and our chances to get through .                                     
On the one hand , he says there are teams better equipped than Leicester to win the title and admits that qualifying for the Champions League was a goal for another year .                               
That ' s going to triple , at least : market rent , you ' re looking at £ 600 a week .                                                   
The news came after she faced renewed criticism for her open - door policy , which saw 1 . 1 million migrants enter the country in 2015 .                                         
A whole part of the play - you ' ll see - came out of my trying to explain to them how that went down .                                             
The president said it is tough to be deployed overseas , even as the administration has been able to reduce the number of troops serving in places such as Iraq and Afghanistan .                               
The letter read : ' We ' re always working to make sure we offer some of the best plans on the market , with great value minutes and data that helps our customers get the most out of their phones .               
How much time is spent making this schedule is never mentioned but I have no doubt it ' s a highly efficient way of doing things .                                           
" The new clinical response model is helping to ensure people get the right care , in the right place , at the right time ," he said .                                       
I ' m also excited for her to meet our families and friends , and to have a tiny combination of my husband and me .                                             
I think he saw in me ... a teenager that was very driven , and very interested in what he had created .                                                   
The leadership of the Labour party , under Jeremy Corbyn , has been increasingly critical of Britain ' s links with Saudi Arabia .                                                 
If he gets an agreement on his reform demands in February at a summit of EU leaders , a referendum could be held in June .                                             
They ' re heavy , damaging words to throw at a woman and they cut deeply , no matter who that mother is .                                                 
" Any businesses associated with the NHS should be paying their fair share of tax ," she told The Independent .                                                       
Other figures released at the weekend show that Germany is now turning back around 200 immigrants a day at its borders .                                                     
A 21 - year - old man is also due to face the same court next month after being charged on January 14 as part of the probe into the alleged ice ring .                             
Brazil - which is set to host the Olympics this summer - is the worst - hit nation with around a million feared to be infected .                                           
You ' re in international waters , there are no visa issue and you can get to know each other better .                                                     
Although pupils will receive their test mark on Saturday , they will not know which post - primary school they will transfer to until May or June .                                         
Then I ' ll start teaching it to understand my voice to control everything in our home - music , lights , temperature and so on .                                           
I think people who like The National go through a similar process with the songs , it often takes them a while to find the ones they really like .                                     
David Cameron has made it clear that he would like to stay in the EU , but only under certain conditions .                                                     
" There is no evidence that there is a level of exercise that is dangerous or too much for a normal , healthy person ," Thompson told me .                                       
His comments come after a Dutch television interview on Monday in which he said that more than half of those fleeing to Europe from the Middle East and Africa are economic migrants .                               
But now , even many of them must wait until the last - minute before they get the call to first class - if they receive it at all .                                     
Once I had taken the photographs , I needed to get back down again , which was always going to be interesting in those conditions .                                             
" However , the scientific field of reading research has discovered a lot about the process of reading over several decades ( even over a century ) and that knowledge has important implications for these speed reading techniques ," she said .             
But to get there , Rubio believes he needs to cut significantly into Cruz ' s support in Iowa , a state dominated by social conservatives .                                           
He is just a real X - factor for them , he is one of those players that does things that other guys can ' t do with his short kicking game and his running game .                       
Yet the presidential primary process has served America well in the past , and it almost certainly will serve us well this year too .                                               
One hospital in the city had gone from dealing with an average of five cases a year to 300 in the past six months .                                               
He has yet to make a statement on the issue but members of his staff have told other US media that he is indeed thinking about running , especially if Mrs Clinton is wounded by her rival Bernie Sanders .                 
It ' s just January , so we haven ' t determined if there will be another season or not .                                                       
However , time online has seen a huge surge according to the research , up 50 % from two hours last year .                                                   
But at the end of the day we need another couple of wins ; we don ' t want to lose the last two .                                               
South Korean officials have advised pregnant women against traveling to Central and South America and required doctors to immediately report suspected cases .                                                   
A judge then ordered him detained , but it was already too late , as he and his mother had apparently disappeared .                                                   
' It is also difficult to get a mortgage unless you ' re buying with a Polish partner ,' he added .                                                     
The striker was the centre of headlines the last time these two sides met in the season and he proved so again today .                                                 
On top of this , the group added it was on course to open 70 new stores net in the UK and Ireland this year .                                             
The reason is simple -- he ' s running for president , and so am I . And I ' m running for president so the votes we take in the Senate matter again .                           
" We realise there is a great deal more work to do to improve our scores ," he said in a press statement .                                                 
So if they can reduce that medication , and have a time that is pain - free , that is really valuable quality time for them .                                           
Rather , he just wanted the student with the least intelligence to know that they too could run for president one day .                                                   
But his legacy is less secure and , as with Tony and New Labour , that is in part down to what has followed him , and his role within it .                                 
But I want to win - that ' s what we play for , that ' s what we work for - and I have a very good shot on Sunday if I play my best tennis .                     
He told The Sun : ' I have waited long enough for this - it ' ll be a great start to the new year .                                               
This is the critical part , a lot of snow and people are going to feel , I have to get outside .                                                   
Lincoln ' s U . S . sales rose 7 percent last year , faster than the industry average ; it sold more than 100 , 000 vehicles in the U . S . for the first time since 2008 .               
The only thing more impressive than Jordan ' s stretch of sustained health might have been his will to keep playing while sick .                                                 
It resulted in more combined U . S . losses ( nearly 90 , 000 killed , wounded or captured ) than any battle of the war .                                         
And I think it is critical in this debate to understand that it ' s not just inner city kids who are at risk in these situations .                                         
He was among 47 people put to death after being convicted of terrorism offences , it said in a statement .                                                       
" We ' ve got the pieces - and we ' re pretty close to having the pieces in place for a number of years ," he said .                                       
My father has been in and out of care homes and my mother had dementia so I wanted to give something back .                                                   
We just have to keep putting our hands up , both of us , and put in a good performance .                                                       
' A lady came out to look around my home but she said that we probably wouldn ' t be able to get anything bigger .                                             
President Putin likely knows he will never be regarded as a legitimate partner by any mainstream president of the United States .                                                     
But the fact remains he is only 26 , and at that age you just cannot have the right level of experience .                                                   
' With these , you are often taking them for four months to get the response that ' s required which is why people sometimes give up but they shouldn ' t .                               
The ballot to fill a legislative seat in Canada next month includes none of the above - and it ' s a real person .                                               
Six years into a President ' s term , " people get tired of that person ' s leadership ," he said .                                                     
Djokovic in this form projects the idea that he sometimes knows where Murray ' s next shot was going before even Murray did .                                                 
Now , as Norway is not a member of the EU , it has no say over these or any other EU rules .                                                 
This is an important transition for any economy , it just happens to be the world ' s second largest economy .                                                     
David Cameron said the report ' s findings were " shocking " but refused to take tough action against Russia , saying Britain could not afford to lose Moscow ' s help in Syria .                           
And sometimes I feel a little bad for taking advantage of it , but you know it ' s worth it .                                                     
It is unusual to see a female subject dressed in service clothes - she is wearing the uniform of the Scottish Women ' s Hospital .                                             
And that ' s human nature , but the reality is , he has not committed a crime in Mexico .                                                       
And that race , for me , gave birth to a new rule : The candidate having the most fun usually wins .                                                   
No 10 is officially happy to wait until 2017 to hold the referendum , but George Osborne is understood to determined to ensure that the referendum is held no later than 26 June .                             
Carter also announced that the 26 nations in the anti - ISIS coalition , as well as Iraq , will meet in Brussels next month to continue the talks .                                     
The migrants take the first day from the community but the second day , if we make it possible , they bring to the community .                                             
However , it wasn ' t really until after having my three sons that I felt the ' need ' to have a glass of wine most nights with dinner .                                   
When the pair met at the private members club he admitted to being ' fairly drunk ', having attended a birthday dinner with friends earlier in the evening .                                       
They grabbed our arms ... pushed our clothes away , and tried to get between our legs or I don ' t know where .                                               
It ' s been maybe eight years that I ' ve had any sort of idea of what my children look like .                                                   
Kim left a wife and two daughters behind in China , with whom he has had no contact since his detention .                                                     
We have him until the end of the season and it ' s up to him to show that he wants to stay longer .                                               
" We are taking care of our passengers and crew , and we are working on next steps to get them safely to their destination ," American Airlines said in a statement .                               
This is certainly true up to a certain age , but get past that and your heart can only keep going for so long .                                               
Britain ' s oil and gas fields have increased production for the first time in more than 15 years , figures show .                                                   
Cruz , though , doubled down on comments that he ' d " carpet bomb " the enemy , saying that ' s what was done in the first Iraq war .                                 
I ' ve probably got an opinion and I ' d probably get in trouble for saying it , so I ' ll keep it to myself .                                         
Sydney teenager Daniel Christie was attacked on New Year ' s Eve , 2013 , dying in hospital 11 days later .                                                     
I really like what I see in him so far , I like his drive and determination , and those are things that you can ' t teach somebody .                                     
" It ' s very complicated ; we can ' t take it into a port in its current state , it ' s much too big ," he said .                                   
He said Dylan had been hit by a car but when I ran outside I could not find him or hear him .                                                   
China , in many ways , is a much stronger and more confident place than it was years ago , when the country ' s economic boom was in full swing .                                 
The three - time tour winner is playing the tour on past champion status only , fighting to earn a full card after a poor 2014 - 15 season .                                     
" If you ' re saying to me that too much power sat in the hands of too few people and the walls were too high then yes , you ' re right ," he told the BBC last month .               
Their investments are also saving people thousands of dollars a year , despite claims by the fossil fuel industry that clean energy would cost more .                                             
Of course , some people will say that any woman who had a long affair with her married boss must take a share of the blame for what came afterwards .                                   
A daughter of Britain ' s most married man has pleaded with his ninth wife - to - be to ' run , run quick ' after he proposed despite still being married to his eighth wife .                     
Swedish police found the contract on his computer after he was arrested on September 18 last year , when he and the victim visited a police station with the intention to stop the search for her .                       
We want to sit down with them to get their thoughts on what ' s worked , but also what we can improve .                                                 
Of the 18 committee members at a recent meeting to discuss the government ' s handling of pain issues , at least five had drug - industry connections .                                       
When compared to 2013 - 14 , there was a significant increase in the number of emergency calls and also the time to handle these calls .                                           
All of us are interested in fighting crime , I ' m very proud of the fact that violent crime rates have continued to go down during the course of my presidency .                               
Every time we have an opportunity to prove who we are and take another step in the journey , we ' re ready for it .                                             
" We knew it would be difficult for Manchester United because they have to fight for the title ," he said .                                                     
A search was then carried out at a property in the town and a further £ 10 , 000 was seized .                                                     
We all know which player he is and how hard it is to find any solution against him , to somehow stop the fight and feel better on the court .                                   
Iowa traditionally goes first out of the 50 states , in January , making a win there important for momentum .                                                       
We know you ' re in a better place far from pain , but I know how much you mean to me and how much I love you .                                       
As I came round , they told me my baby was a little boy but he hadn ' t made it .                                                     
He said the best internal estimates put the number at around 120 , 000 , less than a third of what ' s needed to secure the country .                                       
But it was all too much for her 16 - year - old son who struggled to come to terms with what his father had done and six weeks later , took his own life .                         
She thinks she ' s doing good for people , and she ' s hurt - she feels abused - if her authority is questioned .                                             
We ' ve discussed it with players and we ' re going through discussions with the NRL so that ' s the next course of action .                                           
Earlier this week , former prime minister Tony Blair told French radio that if the UK voted to leave the EU , Scotland would vote to leave the UK .                                     
Two years ago , Italian officials said the group is linked to drug trafficking in South and Central America , Canada and the United States .                                             
A Virginia couple was surprised after receiving a letter their son sent almost 11 years ago while serving in Iraq .                                                       
The man was known to traffic police for once being caught driving without a licence , but had never been of any interest to anti - terrorist officers .                                       
Even if your holiday didn ' t meet expectations , you still may not be happy about getting back to work and away from your crazy family .                                         
No matter which brand I buy or how much I spend , I can ' t seem to get my make - up to last all day .                                         
Another migrant from Afghanistan also told the BBC team there had been a murder in the area on the previous night .                                                     
The broadcaster has a fine track record in covering major sporting events , as we saw recently with the Rugby World Cup .                                                   
That programme should be particularly focused on those with family and community ties already here , and the language skills that make them want to come to the UK .                                     
Her phone and computer have been seized by investigators as they try to piece together her last movements , Italian media said .                                                   
I learned my problems were as much down to me not managing my illness as they were from the cat , as I had stopped taking medication when I was fit and young because I wasn ' t suffering .                 
The ruling conservative Law and Justice party , which came to power in October after eight years in opposition , is also under fire for another piece of legislation .                                     
December retail sales data will be released on Friday , with consensus forecasts pointing to a 0 . 4 per cent rise , steady from the previous month as the Australian consumer continues to spend in solid , if not spectacular , fashion .         
The four men gang - rape her , destroy her novel and leave one to murder her - but he cannot go through with it .                                             
I think its success is down to how easy its systems are to use , it has really focused on that .                                                     
' I wasn ' t able to sleep alone for a long time and had to have the light on in my bedroom throughout every night .                                           
The trio did the same thing in 2012 , saying it ' s a great opportunity to meet national - level politicians , one of whom will become US president .                                   
He keep enjoying the sport , kept showing the passion on court every time he was healthy enough to keep on competing and that ' s something great .                                       
With one week left to go in the regular season , 14 out of 32 NFL teams are still in the running to win Super Bowl 50 .                                         
Police said there were five men , and one pointed a gun at the father and told him to leave .                                                       
I can always go and work in an office for the rest of my life , but only a certain amount of time I can play tennis .                                         
The 26 - year - old from Brisbane was forced to come from behind to score an impressive 6 - 7 ( 5 - 7 ), 6 - 4 , 7 - 6 ( 8 - 6 ) win .                 
The couple make the trip from Canberra nearly every weekend in summer , and say they wouldn ' t think of leaving the dogs behind .                                             
When he ' s in town and we have a Sunday morning free , he always wants to go to church and he wants nobody to know about it .                                     
Many are also attracted by the fact that he can finance his bid for office without the help of wealthy donors .                                                     
I didn ' t know what I was doing , or even if there was a market , and basically six weeks later we got a check for $ 60 , 000 , so that was it : this is my new business .         
The Super Bowl will air Friday night , and your money is safe if you take Green Bay and lay the 14 points .                                                 
Apple has also already been talking to the bank that will be required to make the system work , reports indicate .                                                     
Now a mental health ambassador , he has spoken openly about his illness and the importance of bringing the issue into the public eye .                                               
" We talk a lot about women who have restaurants , because it is very hard for a woman in Italy to have 10 men in the kitchen who work for her ," he said .                         
The reality is single people have far less sex than married people do , even those who ' ve been together for a long time .                                             
That might have contributed to the injury problems that I have had , but it ' s one part of my make - up I don ' t want to change .                                 
She ' s been so dominant at the Australian Open this year , in fact , she ' s reached the final without losing a set - something she ' s never achieved in 15 previous appearances .                     
But the eye of the storm was China , where the main index in Shanghai lost 19 % of its value in the same period .                                             
So how much has Trump , who claims to have a net worth of $ 10 billion , actually invested into his political campaign ?                                               
Not taking away from the men , but it gives us a chance to show we ' re just as good at the job and we all get along and have a laugh , so it ' s all good .               
With the nuclear deal finished , Kerry has turned his attention to finding a political solution to end the civil war in Syria .                                                 
Given how we have supported our allies with terrorism , we should expect them to support us in dealing with state - sponsored terror such as this .                                         
Bloomberg , who served as the mayor of New York from 2002 - 2013 , has said repeatedly he would not run for president .                                               
A Syrian opposition official says the main opposition group is staying away from peace talks until they get a response to their demands from the United Nations .                                         
To date , the state government has successfully managed to pool together 33 , 000 of the required 35 , 000 acres of land for the new capital .                                       
I ' d like to get the world record ever , make sure no - one ' s going to break it , get as many as possible .                                       
She said : " When you make a resolution to do something other than what deeply feels comfortable for you , it ' s unlikely that you ' re going to do it .                               
The world ' s biggest health care product company said on Tuesday that net income was $ 3 . 2 billion , or $ 1 . 15 per share , for the period .                             
The governor declared a state of emergency Saturday throughout New York City and its suburbs during the storm that moved through the area with high wind and heavy snow .                                     
Under my leadership I want everyone to have their plans and their own ideas and be able to feel comfortable to come with me no matter what the situation of the game .                               
Not always , no , I ' ve felt guilty a lot of my life that I ' m the one here .                                                   
By the end of 2015 it is thought more than 700 people had left the UK to join Islamic State .                                                       
Many of the subjects shot so far are such incredible - looking humans ... amazing - looking individuals from all walks of life .                                                 
That means their names won ' t be on the ballot when voters go to the polls in those states .                                                       
It does matter , it does matter are you going to be ready when you sit in that chair on the very first day .                                               
Since 2011 there has been a fall in total cancer death rates in the EU of eight per cent in men and three per cent in women .                                         
I say to you , Mr Cameron , that if you as a British citizen value freedom and if you value human life , then please imagine Ali as your son and ask yourself what would you do ?                   
The woman ' s mother told of how the couple began dating three and a half years ago and were engaged at one point .                                               
A book about work and about love , and the mountains that can be moved when those two things come together .                                                     
The report stated that lower - grade staff are better paid than their counterparts in the rest of the UK , although the reverse is true for those among the upper ranks .                               
While she insisted she does not worry too much about her world ranking , she admitted her one concern would be to be ranked high enough to make the Olympics .                                   
We just try to get the wins each week and keep on backing up leading up until the back end of the season .                                                 
One of Google ' s biggest British shareholders called on the company to pay " much more " in British taxes and said it was in the firm ' s own interest to pay a " decent " rate of tax .             
If you sign in pre - season , you still have six weeks until the league season starts but now I know that I ' m ready to play on Tuesday .                                 
However , many schools don ' t feel as confident as Smith in handling the duty imposed on them by the government , and may instead prefer to avoid discussion .                                   
I am disappointed that we were not more successful these past few seasons , but we are committed to doing what is necessary to give our fans the winning team they deserve .                               
With thousands of flights cancelled , it will take time too before air travel on the east coast returns to normal .                                                     
She was just an incredible partner and really helped us get a lot of people to be in the movie , and was kind enough to be in the movie .                                   
Earlier this week , Belgian authorities announced they had arrested two men suspected of planning to stage attacks in Brussels over the holidays .                                                 
The fine is paid , the cost is charged to the client or union members and then the conduct is repeated again and again ," she said .                                         
I think we work already well together , but I think we need more men - both local and federal - to fight the terrorist threat .                                           
' If a technology does not make a customer ' s life easier , better , safer or more fun , we don ' t use it .                                         
I get six hours a day of my life back , which will be amazing and I ' ll be able to do lots of things .                                           
So I just wanted to make a very personal statement about an amazing country but a country that can be better and whose people can command that it do better .                                   
This is in contrast with other countries with high smartphone ownership , where the overwhelming majority sell their old phones for cash or exchange them .                                             
It ' s something I have really enjoyed and learned a lot from ... he ' s a really fantastic person for me to learn from a coaching perspective .                                     
The Met Office predicted that 2015 would be between 0 . 52 and 0 . 76 above the long - term average .                                                   
It took six days to get that done and all that , in effect , was done was the establishment of this group .                                                 
He said : " I can understand that when you don ' t score , people can be worried , but we have enough quality .                                               
But , the cold weather has also brought some incredible scenes of beauty ; and the video above is another example of this .                                                 
If they find a door or window left open I think people would want officers to check everything is OK at that address and not to just walk on by .                                   
I stopped my mortgage monthly payments as soon as I moved out but still had payments for my life insurance , ground rent and service charge going through .                                       
On the Republican side , the Iowa poll shows Ted Cruz leading Donald Trump by four points , but Trump has a 16 - point lead in New Hampshire .                                     
There comes a point when most of the people you really love are dead , but it doesn ' t make them any less real .                                             
It is very expensive - major surgery can cost £ 20 , 000 and drugs can run into the thousands .                                                       
For the amount of money that ' s being invested in it , it doesn ' t seem to solve any problems , it just creates them .                                         
Then for Andy to have to deal with all the other stuff , it was always going to be a big ask .                                                   
A man has been charged over an alleged armed robbery following a citizen ' s arrest in Sydney ' s west .                                                     
The best advice I ' ve ever been given is always to put your name and contact details inside your case as well as on a label on the outside .                                   
Cardiff City are determined to hold on to their best players despite interest from other clubs , according to assistant manager Scott Young .                                                 
" This is the best the club ' s been in my time here , from the chairman down ," he adds .                                                   
" People have to remember this report is based on 2011 data , so it doesn ' t reflect the world of 2016 ," said the MP .                                         
The Islamic State group has been blamed for three bombings in Turkey in the past year , including an attack in Ankara that killed more than 100 people .                                       
But the company has plenty of reasons to make sure cars are rolling off the line not just quickly , but safely .                                                   
I ' ve seen a lot of him this season and he has struggled but it ' s not his work - rate that is letting him down or attitude or confidence in making himself available .                       
A turning point came , however , through a conversation with a state health official who reached out , asking how she had come to her findings .                                         
I ' ve never really wanted to drink it though , and according to friends it ' s probably safer for everyone that I never try .                                           
Sometimes it does get bad , it is at its worst in the summer but it certainly hasn ' t gone .                                                     
If you wait until late summer , end of summer , to then roll out what you believe in and what your agenda is , I think it ' s too late .                               
U . S . Navy crew members assist in search - and - rescue operations in the Indian Ocean on March 16 , 2014 .                                               
The unemployment rate was 7 . 6 % in May 2013 , compared to 5 % in November , the last month for which data is available .                                         
That ' s one area that interests me most - getting kids involved in sport , it doesn ' t matter what it is .                                               
A lot of people have shared my post on social media , so I hope the person who did this will hand themselves in .                                               
The French leader defended proposed constitutional changes to support a crackdown on militants following November ' s deadly Islamist attacks in Paris , which killed 130 people .                                         
Then on Wednesday , the Los Angeles city attorney ' s office announced that two men would be the first to face criminal charges under the city ' s new drone restrictions .                               
So we started to think : How can we can create an environment so that the audience can enjoy air that is as good as Europe while watching a film ?                                   
President Obama said in an interview released Monday that Sen . Bernie Sanders ' rising popularity in the 2016 Democratic race is not the same as his own rise in the 2008 presidential race .                           
" How can they claim £ 300 a day but fail to contribute to our democratic process ?" it asks .                                                       
Just a day after Apple announced that it made more money in the last quarter of 2015 than any company before it , Samsung has unveiled its own earnings .                                     
He cannot immediately recall how many places he has lived in during that time but it turns out it is 32 cities , in 23 countries .                                           
And adding three new governor seats to a board of 51 , as was announced by the Academy on Friday , feels like too little and way too late .                                     
David Cameron has been asked to step - in and save Britain ' s world - leading police unit dedicated to wildlife crime , amid fears that it could fall victim to Government spending cuts .                         
But now it ' s the point where I have to look [ at ] what ' s going on with my career .                                                 
This is a kid with an extremely bright future , probably one of the best football players I ' ve ever played with .                                                 
Having a family to support you and keep you positive through all of the ups and down , that ' s the answer .                                                 
" One thing you ' ve got to understand is there is a lot of risk ," Thompson said in conversations with voters .                                                 
The first [ trend ] is about zero emissions , obviously [ there we are ] talking about electric cars and fuel cells .                                                 
I think it ' s important for girls to know that everyone goes through these struggles , so don ' t feel alone .                                                 
I buy it every week so it doesn ' t change anything but I was keen on having this one as a tribute .                                                 
I , too , go through challenging times in my life , and right now is one of them ,' she began .                                                   
If I ' m going to be honest about it : I think men get to do this sort of thing all the time .                                               
She said : " I walked up the street , and the lady from social services said to me to point out anything I thought might or might not be there .                                   
We have a lot of games and they are all hard games , but we have to respond in the way we did today and I ' m sure we will be fine .                             
Hall will serve at least 18 years in prison but was told by the judge he may never be released .                                                       
The crash occurred in the morning before businesses opened for the day , in a part of the city surrounded by offices , hotels and restaurants .                                           
That presents as one of the best investments going around at the moment , yet seemingly no one in the market believes it .                                                 
I think it ' s one of the greatest parts of the game , and I hate to see that given up for a different set of rules in overtime .                                   
" I ' m just grateful that this didn ' t happen while the girls were sleeping in the bedroom ," he said of the fire .                                           
Ankara and the EU struck a deal last month to prevent migrants from travelling to Europe in return for three billion euros and renewed talks on Turkey joining the bloc .                                   
She saw him reach into his pocket and get out a mobile phone , which he then dropped to the floor .                                                     
But , he wrote on the North Korea - focused 38 North website , " The North has now had a nuclear weapons program for more than 20 years .                                       
No bail payment was made , but he is required to report to his local police station twice a week and cannot leave the country .                                             
" I was really focused and , you know , that first round really helped me because I was really just fighting ," Williams said .                                             
The capital could get 15 - 20 inches , Philadelphia could see 12 to 18 and New York City and Long Island could get 8 to 10 .                                         
The former Labour prime minister admitted he is ' very worried ' about the result and consequences of the upcoming results .                                                     
As one of the lucky ones who could provide for my family , I also wanted to help those from my area .                                                   
But I still believe it ' s a big difference top 10 for a week or for a year or for multiple years , and getting there is not easy .                                   
I want to slow it all down and just sit for a while , not moving until I ' m ready , not talking about it until I can get the words right .                             
Most parts of the UK will experience sub - zero temperatures on Wednesday night , according to the Met Office .                                                       
I am sick of soft justice in this country letting people out just to commit similar crimes over and over again .                                                     
" The journey took weeks ," says Sarah , who arrived in Spain in 2013 at the age of 21 .                                                       
The police source revealed : " In the past couple of months we have noticed a dramatic increase in street robbery .                                                       
NHS England concluded that a doctor or a nurse taking their call would probably have seen the need for urgent action .                                                     
And because of the way your immune system works , even if they did what they say they did , you definitely wouldn ' t want them to .                                       
My son first mentioned that he had been here in a previous life aged three , saying that he used to be a grown - up man whose wife had died before they had children .                         
It means the migrants could stay on the base at taxpayers " expense for months until their case is heard in the British courts .                                               
It ' s a massive win , we now have the split on Sydney and depending on some other games we could move up into second spot .                                         
If I could speak to my 25 - year - old self , I would say : Don ' t worry about money so much .                                             
" We ' ve found it could be about 70 % and a large amount don ' t know about it ," he said .                                               
I pressed him several times on an issue with which I have long been struggling : how do those of us who love the natural world cope with its loss ?                                   
The Canadian researchers suggested that getting up and walking about for half an hour was a key way to tackle the problem .                                                   
A number of people , however , have said that the craft looks like it has been added to the images after they were taken .                                             
As a result , the council has worked effectively with the recovery board to ensure generally strong progress across its education services .                                                   
As her weight dropped dramatically , she was forced to put her dreams of going to university on hold in a battle to save her life .                                           
A McDonald ' s spokeswoman told CBS News there are no plans to introduce the treat in Britain or the US .                                                     
Instead , he is selling plans for $ 49 (£ 33 ) via his website so people can build one themselves .                                                     
If he feels they need a break from coaching or if they need something different , he ' s happy to stand up and represent them .                                           
The council has checked and all of its anti - virus and other security measures are " up to date ," she added .                                                 
The picture the Sun on Sunday had on 17 January was of Evans being sick after doing a test drive .                                                       
But once again the people behind the new guidelines have chosen to ignore this evidence , arguing it ' s not 100 per cent proved .                                             
It does give me a little bit of a secure feeling of being in communication with the world , so I like it for that reason .                                           
Despite the introduction of new models , analysts say global demand for new smartphones isn ' t growing as fast as it has in recent years .                                           
On Saturday , it will begin to move from in front of the sun to a position behind it , and the planet will be bright enough to see .                                     
We want to make sure that business is done , they really must book our artists otherwise what ' s the point in doing the event .                                           
That ' s why this whole thing of him going to live in Syria and join Isis doesn ' t make any sense ,' the friend told The Sunday Times .                                   
However , since the black hole is 25 , 000 light years away from Earth , it will appear incredibly small in the sky .                                               
A 13 - year - old girl from New South Wales has gone missing on a family trip to Brisbane .                                                       
Seven staff members at a Kent young offenders centre have been suspended after filmed evidence of abuse was presented by the BBC .                                                   
There ' s potential for young parents to recover if there is support , but in our interviews the women didn ' t report getting any proper professional help .                                     
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after he was hit by a car in the south side of Glasgow .                                                   
Today ' s victory was for that community , and a quick recovery and all of Canada , and I ' m sure the world is behind you .                                       
Every day has been difficult for me but I had just had to forget it and focus more on my body and focus on coming back to play .                                       
Meanwhile , a man seriously injured in a traffic crash in Brisbane ' s inner - south on January 3 has died in hospital .                                               
The State Department says no emails published so far contained material with " top secret " information or any material that was marked classified at the time .                                         
She told a friend travelling was ' good ' but she ' d ' never been so tired ' in her life after starting physical farm work .                                         
When the experiment was repeated , but the volunteers were allowed to get up and walk around every 30 minutes , those levels fell by 39 per cent .                                       
David Cameron has made a fresh appeal for German support over changes he is seeking to the European Union , saying they are key to the UK ' s membership .                                   
The officer said I was driving without my hands on the wheel and that I was a danger to other drivers .                                                     
" As a doctor , I can understand the anger and frustration felt by many junior doctors at this time ," she said .                                                 
The Boston - based Massachusetts Institute of Technology was named the winner on Saturday after a competition among more than 1 , 000 college students at Texas A & M university in the city of College Station .                     
He was sentenced to death for holding these very British values - we simply can ' t understand why the government he believed in isn ' t standing up for him .                                 
To put this in perspective , the average investment in the Netherlands is around € 30 (£ 22 ) per person per year .                                                 
A travel ban was in effect on all roads in New York City and Long Island on Saturday , but was lifted at 7 a . m .                                         
I don ' t know how nervous secretary Clinton is about that , she ' s consistently led in the polls in Iowa through the latter part of 2015 , what can you possibly do to try to stop that momentum in just four weeks ?     
Her husband , their three children ages 2 , 3 and 14 , and her mother - in - law were in the car .                                               
It ' s a work in progress - pretty much like cooking - but it ' s good to have something to get your teeth into , as disability can often lead to people feeling cut off .                     
It ' s a great feeling and until it ' s actually done you don ' t want to jump the gun because anything can happen in cricket .                                       
That ' s when we ' ll see those numbers come down a bit ," said Russell of consensus estimates that expect earnings to be up 7 - to - 8 percent in 2016 versus 2015 .                       
It ' s a city that feels good , and that ' s not something you can say about many cities today .                                                   
It ' s a massive opportunity for some players who were new last year to put their hands up for World Cup selection .                                                 
We were , for instance , leaving the Americans standing at what they had always done best - popular music .                                                       
David Cameron however on Monday moved to defend arms British support for the operation , arguing that the UK had the strongest export controls in the world on weapons .                                     
Mexico is home to the most number of cities which dropped off the list this year , with five cities no longer featuring .                                                 
It didn ' t surprise me when he took it and nothing will surprise me whatever happens with Eddie Jones and England .                                                   
But along with the promotion social media provided her with , it was equally a source of stress as hundred of people coming across her pages felt the need to push their opinion of her body type onto her .                 
A handful of industries are those " love to hate " types of businesses , such as cable - television companies and Internet service providers .                                             
" In Victoria we ' ve got this opportunity ... to set in place for the long term ... not just a one off , but for the longer term , a process that ' s going to bring women forward ," she said .       
The end goal here is that we are here to restore the rights to the people here so that they can use the land and resources .                                           
" The drugs that we do have available to us today have , therefore , been developed not due to animal tests but rather despite them ," she said .                                     
If there is a good deal on the table I will take it , and that ' s what will happen .                                                     
According to the Post , he left behind a wife and two children , who were subsequently put in a hard labor camp for six years .                                           
It ' s an incredible feeling , turning up to a match , knowing everything is perfect , everyone is ready and then going out there knowing you ' re going to win .                             
In 2014 - 15 , the number of arrests made by police forces in England and Wales was down about 75 , 000 on the year before .                                         
He ' s a good trainer , he knows what he ' s doing , but he just likes to stuff around with the horses .                                             
How can you be promoting the life of the poor in the 19th century when so many of them didn ' t eat every day ?                                             
Next time around , I think you ' re going to see a lot more power out of them , a lot more .                                                 
I ' d never felt quite comfortable with myself physically , maybe in other ways too , but mostly because of the pressure on me to look a certain way .                                   
Many experts said officials should have expected such an attack , because in recent years , violence has nearly always followed signs of warming ties between India and Pakistan .                                     
But if your retirement is still some way off , bear in mind that your regular pension contributions now are buying up stocks while they are much cheaper , and this should benefit you in the longer run .                   
" We are extremely disappointed to hear that the government are making further cuts to funding to tackle serious youth violence when there are so many of us trying to make things better for others after losing our own children ," the couple said .       
" My time there was really fun , but I thought we couldn ' t do any better than that , so I stopped ," he says .                                         
Where her isolated reports of a foot or more snow and I want to show you how that ' s possible .                                                     
The difficulty comes if you ' re in a workplace where there ' s a dominant style that is a big clash with your own .                                             
Why would the state of Florida send somebody like him , with a history of mental illness , to prison for the possession of drugs ?                                             
" I can definitely start planning my year now , I ' m looking at doing some overseas training camps ," he said .                                                 
But , also I ' m an actor so I ' m in the public eye a lot and I really felt that my hair loss could affect my career prospects .                                 
A little after 9 , her smartphone lights up with a text from her boyfriend : " You ' ve got this .                                                     
We were rejected for asylum in Germany and couldn ' t afford to go back to Turkey - we were poor - so we came here to try our luck .                                   
There are always things that you worry about and go to the doctors for but they turn out to be nothing .                                                     
In addition , members will receive lifetime voting rights after three 10 - year terms ; or if they have won or been nominated for an Academy Award .                                       
The main message we would like to share to everyone is to give it a go and not put things off until retirement .                                                 
In contrast , Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont called gun violence in the US a " moral outrage " and promised to continue Obama ' s actions if elected president .                                   
With two - year - olds you ' ve got to be confident and she was just back too far .                                                       
At least 100 children have already shown high lead levels , but the governor told CBS News there are likely many more .                                                   
" The exercise has been to gather evidence for every 10 metres square of the flood - affected areas ," she said .                                                   
What we do with him , what English football can learn even in failure , is the more interesting point .                                                       
Thomas Cook says : " All customers travelling to the affected areas up to and including 30 April have been contacted .                                                       
In the U . S ., the market got 2015 off to a slow start as investors worried about falling crude oil prices , flat earnings growth and when and how quickly the Federal Reserve would begin raising interest rates .               
We ' re expecting that Chelsea are going to put all their big guns out , so it ' ll be a tough one .                                               
Brad : I ' m most excited about playing and spending time with my son or daughter , and watching them grow up .                                                 
Simpson - Kent was subsequently reported as a high - risk missing person , and officers have been unable to contact him since that date .                                             
It is our duty to be concerned about the safety of everyone , and that , of course , includes people who come here as migrants .                                           
Most matches are won from the back of the court by keeping rallies alive then having the power to hit winning shots or force the opponent into mistakes .                                       
The rules will not apply to wider EU policy , Mr Cameron said , and on all other areas cabinet collective responsibility will continue to apply .                                           
" It ' s been very tough on the boys that he played with and even the girls but it ' s been great having all the family support ready for these players ," he said .                       
The applications were reviewed last week by league staff and will be presented for consideration at the meeting in Houston .                                                       
Both of us will try to serve a high percentage of first serves and not allow the other player to attack the second serve too many times .                                         
Having made ethnic peace her number one priority , she ' s promised to try to get all the rebel groups back into the process .                                             
Last year 30 , 000 people applied for asylum in Norway , most of whom had crossed the border from Sweden .                                                     
We were dealing with something that was a hit of sorts , that somebody had come to this house to kill this person specifically .                                               
Of these only about 12 per cent , or just over 100 , were killed in incidents in which alcohol was a factor .                                                 
The question is whether the introduction of another target is what the system needs when there is already a mass of information out there .                                               
For instance , the landscape is different to anything you ' ve ever seen -- it ' s like a totally different world .                                                 
There is only so many fire trucks in the state of Western Australia , and there are only so many one side of the fire and the rest on the other side of the fire .                         
Jordan Taylor , 22 , claimed he stabbed Laura Davies in the stomach to ' stop the situation ' after she allegedly fought with him in her kitchen on July 3 last year .                             
' We have radical Islamic terror going on all over the place , all over the world , and we have a president that won ' t say it ,' the GOP front - runner said .                       
And because nobody else was ever doing my songs , I felt -- you know , I had to go out and do them .                                               
The minimum wage for workers over the age of 25 will increase to £ 7 . 20 in April 2016 , in the largest real - terms increase since 2007 .                                   
These are people who would normally be sitting in their rooms alone and they would be very difficult to get out of their rooms .                                               
We need to have that other person to bring it up and we ' re right there in the ball game .                                                     
They told him they had taken time off from work or school as a result of his actions , that news of his death had left them feeling broken .                                     
" I want to come back as a Chelsea supporter in years to come with my kids and see the team doing great ," he said .                                           
They showed the difference between what power firms were paying to supply energy to your home and what they were charging you on your bill .                                             
And the more I actually looked at Michael - it ' s great , as an actor , to have so much to copy and look at in interviews - the more I kind of fell in love with him .               
If a British citizen wants to bring a partner into the UK they have to prove that they can speak English and be supported without state aid .                                         
The network was then set to play against itself , learning from its victories and losses as it carried out more than a million individual games over the course of a day .                               
It ' s a violent place - almost 50 people have been shot dead in Chicago just this year , many of them in this area .                                           
It ' s nice to be in the draw , but we know there is a lot of hard work to be done .                                                 
As he said after Monday night ' s game : " We know we have enough quality , it ' s not always the quality .                                               
The Federal Reserve lifted rates by 25 basis points in December , the first move in rates for seven years , to a new target range of 0 . 25 per cent to 0 . 5 per cent .                   
The researchers go on to argue that the question of which drugs kids start with is a lot less important than the question of how early they start using .                                     
All that remains is to officially announce the 19 - year - old ' s arrival and that should happen today .                                                     
" I was not going to rush to London , but the court could have sent a request for information , and I would have been happy to give video evidence , but we received absolutely nothing from them ," he said .           
If you ' re like me , you ' ve spent much of the past two weeks listening to David Bowie songs .                                                   
Two great movies that , when my kid is old enough - which will be many , many , many years from now - he will be able to see .                                   
A basic Sky package cost £ 17 in December 2008 but an equivalent package with the equivalent channel choice today would cost you £ 30 - a 76 per cent rise , according to the satellite TV service .                   
There ' s a big difference between playing for your country and winning for your country and making that step involves a three per cent change .                                           
When I finished the treatment and I had to leave some of the patients were a bit sad to see me go , which was lovely .                                           
In their final game before the break , they were ahead , 3 - 2 , after two periods with Colorado and lost , 4 - 3 .                                         
We have seen a slightly different spending pattern in department stores in 2015 where higher year - on - year growth has been reported in December 2015 compared with December 2014 .                                 
The 35 - year - old taxi driver was trapped inside his car for some time , before being taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital in a serious condition .                                     
I think it ' s a statement that electronic music has enough of a foundation to do just that , basically .                                                     
She is modest about praise of her beauty , saying : " It ' s funny hearing that because I was only today talking about my bad skin when I was younger .                                 
' They sell you the dream and you sign the papers - and you think these football coaches are on your side - but they ' re not .                                       
She said : " When the SNP removed direct support for flooding I argued against it but they went ahead anyway .                                                       
" I ' ve had more 2 a . m . phone calls than anybody here , making life or death decisions ," Carson said in his opening pitch .                                     
" As previously noted , Senior Executive Service officers typically have a more positive view of most aspects of the workplace when compared to other employees ," the notes state .                                   
I think to be the CEO of this organisation you actually do a lot with the sport so you ' ve got to be very understanding of sport and understanding of rugby league .                             
I ' m going to stand up for our film and for every one of the people who helped make it .                                                     
However , the next part would be sure to cause alarm if he used it on a real dating profile .                                                       
It ' s healthy competition , our back row is really good at the moment and if anything it ' s pushing everyone to train that bit harder .                                       
This leads to about 700 , 000 deaths each year from related diseases , says the World Bank , and stops children getting a proper education .                                           
If this bill becomes law , patients will be able to choose a health insurance plan that works for them -- without Washington getting in the way .                                         
So you ' ve got to come in here very sharp and very ready to not only play the golf course , but against the other guys who are playing in the event .                             
Who knows what ' s going to happen this year , he might get a run , you just don ' t know .                                                 
" We keep having politicians who sound great on the trail and they don ' t do what they say ," Cruz said when asked about his policy differences with Rubio .                                 
His name , of course , is Donald Trump , the billionaire businessman who leads most national polls for the Republican nomination .                                                   
Then there would be the all clear , you ' d go back to bed and get up and carry on the next day .                                               
If anything , these students are going to go on to become really good [ white hat ] security researchers .                                                       
The experience that he ' s getting when the children come to him is something I felt many times and it ' s such a lovely feeling .                                         
" First of all , I need to pay respect to Andy and his team for having another great tournament ," Djokovic said .                                                 
We ' re urging people to get in touch with us and find out how we can help you stay connected .                                                     
We ' re looking for partners who can give us a better sense of the security situation , and it ' s not just the United States that has a keen interest here , it is our foreign partners as well .             
And they can look forward to improvements in technology that will , say , enable many of them to live well past 100 .                                                 
She said : ' I agreed to do these things with my daughter because I thought that she couldn ' t have suffered any trauma .                                               
We need better infrastructure , better roads and a more reliable domestic airline to create more tourist routes through the country , to support more similar projects .                                         
Trump asked the children in the crowd to gather near the stage and said he would let them run through the plane after his remarks .                                             
But on such a big constitutional issue as income tax do we really want to press ahead without a referendum ?                                                       
Once upon a time , back when you were just starting out on campus , sure , I ' ll admit it , you used to be cool .                                       
There is no use kicking yourself when future events make you wonder if it would not have been better to come to a different conclusion .                                             
So technologies that could help disabled people contribute more in the workplace - and improve their quality of life - are surely welcome .                                                 
At these levels , it is nearly impossible for many of the stands to stay in business in their current form .                                                     
Right , and a part of my thing is , I don ' t want to have to sit in an office and work nine - to - five .                                     
It was not unusual for executives of big companies to take the morning flight to New York for a meeting and return with us on the afternoon flight .                                       
One of the men pulled a gun on the father and daughter and demanded that the father leave the area , the press release said .                                             
There has been a lot of interest in him so we ' re naturally happy that he has chosen to join us .                                                   
He said that self - interest was also encouraging other international actors , include Turkey and Europe , to step up .                                                     
We still want to win but [ today ] is an opportunity for players who did not play so far .                                                       
As a student you ' re in a strong position to campaign ; holding people , organisations or governments to account .                                                     
I think in my early days I stood out - I probably still do - but certainly some people recognised me from the media coverage .                                             
I ' m hopeful that as that process moves along , that the U . S . Attorney will share as much information as he can with us , and I ' ll try to make the best decision possible .               
The vote was the first to be held under new " double majority " rules for votes affecting England only , with a majority of votes among English MPs required as well as an overall majority .                       
The Chinese ship is the first time China has agreed to share the financial cost of the search with Malaysia and Australia .                                                   
I always prepare the same , whether it be a friendly or an exhibition , a World Cup game or a Premier League game .                                               
27 per cent of people who suffer from anxiety say work issues , such as long hours , are the source of the problem .                                               
Mr Hammond said a June date would be possible if a deal was agreed at next month ' s European Council summit .                                                   
" I was really enjoying my job and wouldn ' t have given it up for a seven month contract ," he said .                                                 
But she also admitted that " no amount of money could make up for the impact " blood infections had on victims and families .                                               
The museum was set up create awareness of this human rights tragedy and as a way to honor the comfort women and their legacy .                                               
When discussing his coaching opportunities in March last year , he said : " I ' ve got time , I ' m learning .                                                 
The unemployment rate was 6 . 7 % at the end of 2013 , and the significant improvement was a key factor in the Federal Reserve ' s decision last month to raise a key interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade .     
Gordon has said an appeal would almost certainly not be heard until after the home - and - away season .                                                       
This government has taken a number of significant steps to improve access to new treatments for patients with rare conditions .                                                       
We are looking forward to getting the team up and getting the fans back on board for a big game this Saturday night .                                                 
They ' ll also try to determine how likely it is that an infected pregnant woman will pass the virus on to her baby , and that the baby will then develop Zika .                             
They don ' t quit and they continue to work hard whether they are up by five or down by 10 .                                                     
" We don ' t want any interviews with journalists ," one of them said , according to the report .                                                       
Not that I see them as often as I would like to , but everything is all right ,' he said .                                                     
William said that he " never used to get too wound up or worried about things ," but now feels more affected by world events .                                             
The 34 - year - old is believed to earn around $ 15 million a year from her Las Vegas sets , which see her perform over 20 songs a night .                                 
And today , Trump had Massachusetts -- whose 42 delegates are up for grab on March 1 -- all to himself .                                                     
The state unemployment rate , based on a separate survey of households , increased slightly to 5 . 8 % in December from 5 . 7 % in November .                                     
Last year , the clock was moved two minutes closer to midnight , from the 11 : 55 position it had held since 2012 .                                               
" This past year we ' ve had to invest nearly 2 million euros to secure our office , which is an enormous sum ," he said .                                         
' Most rich people literally do not know what it means , on a day to day basis , to be poor ,' he said .                                             
The park said the by - laws had resulted in more families visiting the area and a reduction in anti - social behaviour .                                                 
The role of a medical director is to provide leadership for staff , while the whole point of NHS England was to be an independent organisation .                                           
He would do this in front of other staff , but worst of all he would do it in front of Graham and he would only stop when Graham got angry .                                 
It was recently reported he has made £ 76 , 000 while in jail through an investment firm he was formerly a director of .                                               
I don ' t like to think of my family , or me , eating a host of " unknown " ingredients .                                                   
It looks like -- I know how many people get the book thrown at them if you ' re a normal civilian .                                                   
Murray was diagnosed with cancer last year and had been doing well but a more aggressive treatment used before Christmas has knocked him around .                                               
Mr Trump said he intended to hold a separate Iowa event at the same time as the debate to raise money for wounded veterans .                                               
With a story as powerful as this , there ' s no need to sex it up or add colour .                                                       
The warnings came from the U . S . State Department as the FBI began investigating five possible suspects involved in the threats , Italy ' s foreign minister said on Thursday .                               
In my own research , many children tell me that their mum or dad are always on their mobile , and it ' s difficult to get their attention .                                     
The facts are that we not in the top four , the gap is bigger now , so the belief is not so easy to achieve .                                           
Clinton ' s team also says it raised $ 18 million for the Democratic National Committee and state Democratic parties nationwide .                                                     
Bowie passed away in his home on Sunday after an 18 - month battle with cancer , his agent confirmed to CNN .                                                   
He ' s now a very , very popular and important figure in all of our lives , and in this country ' s life ," Trump said .                                       
Reporter : While at the rally , a large group broke off after one of the leaders pro claimed those who want to take hard stand get in your trucks and follow me .                             
The base contribution is $ 2 , 700 , or people who raise $ 10 , 000 as a co - host can take a photo with Clinton .                                       
" The way it is described is that we are trying to take away everybody ' s guns ," Obama said .                                                     
The 29 - year - old designer said : " My original reaction was to be scared for a second as he ' d run past me .                                           
It is nice to have the game where it ' s at right now going into the season , instead of trying to work on things and trying to find stuff .                                 
" I also had a dad that said you ' re never going to be the biggest , you ' re never going to be the strongest and you ' re never going to be the fastest ," he said .               
" All of us were down there -- we were doing the transfer and we never got caught ," he said .                                                     
I ' d be more worried if we weren ' t creating opportunities at all , but we have an entire international back division on our injury list at the moment and we ' re not quite firing in the way we ' d like .     
I got a message back at about two or three in the morning that the baby was in hospital and had survived .                                                   
And , like in football , the regular season is far better at telling us who won ' t be the champion than who will be .                                           
Do I want to be working on something that turns out to be the wrong path for the rest of my life ?                                                   
It was one of those things where when you look at it from that perspective , it looked like a good fit .                                                   
Trump understands these white men - or at the very least , he understands that these white men want a politician who understands them .                                               
They later confirmed two other men , aged 22 and 18 , had been arrested and accused of the same offence .                                                     
" I ' m not saying method writing is the only way to go , but if it works , it works ," he says .                                             
Charlie Rose : There are others , and people that I know , say , " I want to give it to my children .                                                 
" The process will take a long time ," she said , " We won ' t be deciding the timing and I know there will be a compromise both sides will have to make to work through all the stages that will be necessary .       
Two decades ago , politicians pointed to him as an example of why California needed to lock up the most dangerous sex offenders even after their prison terms .                                       
" For the rest of January and the early part of February we ' ll still see some pretty hot days ," he said .                                               
The " advice " sought is routine discussion between investigators and prosecutors about the best way to handle a particular case .                                                     
An example of just one of the lessons he ' s learned : it doesn ' t matter how effective a vaccine is , if you don ' t package and deliver it the right way , it will not do any good .         
" They couldn ' t even find the house at first - probably because it didn ' t have a red door ," he said .                                             
The means of reducing the toll is to be found in focusing on better roads , safer cars and better driving practices .                                                   
But even with a revolution in data storage capacity , he believes the only long - term solution to the energy problem will have to involve significant cuts to our internet use at some point in the future .                   
One minute you ' re training and as fit as can possibly be for a 30 - year - old , the next minute your career is possibly over .                                     
Two fire crews a special rescue vehicle are currently on scene attempting to free the 70 - year - old victim .                                                     
" That ' s something we talked about after the game ... just trying to post a bigger score if we do happen to bat first ," White said .                                     
The Australian fans want Andy to win and they ' re thinking it ' s Andy ' s time - I do too .                                                 
And to be a player who wants to achieve a lot of things as much as possible , it is very important to keep it going .                                           
A 30 - stone teacher died from a heart attack as firefighters discussed removing the window to get her out , an inquest heard .                                               
" It ' s crazy what has happened with the movie over the years because it really didn ' t get a lot of attention when it first came out and then this fan base is built up for it ," he started out .       
He said he was so excited on the video because he had not seen the river flow since moving to the area four years earlier .                                             
I love him , we are standing behind him and there ' s a lot more involved than what has been reported .                                                   
Unfortunately a lot of the damage has been done and this is going to live with him for the rest of his life .                                                 
Donald Trump is far from scared at the prospect of an independent presidential bid by former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg .                                                   
I understand at that point in time and even now probably , people are doing it all around the world .                                                       
It will not bring back the lost moments for her , but could ensure the next generation of clean athletes does not have its own great moments stolen .                                       
A pilot programme in Canada in the 1990s , a rare example of a similar policy in another country , found that insurance increased the proportion of displaced workers finding jobs within six months by four percentage points .                   
After she finished school in New York she did study music , but , in her own words , she wasn ' t really studying .                                             
That ' s because most people quit their jobs when they have another one lined up , usually at higher pay .                                                     
While Australian Rugby League Commission chairman John Grant insists the new CEO must have a love and knowledge for rugby league , the NRL has expanded its search across the country in a bid to find the right person to lead the game .         
( People are considered out of the workforce if they don ' t have a job and aren ' t looking for one .                                                 
There was no support for the plans among firefighters , police officers or local communities , " and yet the government seems to be intent on forcing it though ," he said .                                 
People have said it would have been difficult for them to get through the hole but I slipped through nice and easily .                                                   
In other economies , markets can at least look to independent and powerful central banks for direction in times of crisis .                                                     
It was not still possible but that was likely to change in two weeks " time , a branch officer said .                                                     
Others tried to ride it out [ by ] making empty legal threats to the club , hoping we would back down .                                                   
It is possible that there could be several people , or so many people out there with the Zika virus infection , but because many people do not seek treatment in the hospitals , we could be missing out .                 
When the battle for Mosul begins , Iraqi forces will lead the charge -- with support of U . S .- led coalition airstrikes .                                               
It would take some time before failure , or falling short of expectations , turned into a sense of collapse of confidence in his administration , along with anxiety to be rid of him , as fast as possible .                 
This matters because the opportunities for the future that our new powers open up are too great to be buried under the arguments of the past .                                           
Iran also had a player sent off in the first half of the sold - out quarter - final at Canberra Stadium in January .                                               
The great thing about changing career is that I ' ve been able to bring skills from my previous job , like time management and organisation , into my new role , as well as my own life experiences .                 
" And for him to do this and to leave us in the position that we , we ' ve been in , it ' s , it ' s difficult ," she said .                           
" He seems to respond well from rest and treatment , so we ' ll just have to wait and see ," Scott said .                                               
Women expect to see men and women working together and we can ' t have an all - male leadership again and therefore we need to change the rules .                                     
But there is still a way to go : The women ' s teams played two , 15 - minute periods with running time and a friends - and - family crowd of a few hundred people .                     
Mark and Star King told Canadian media that neighbours saw a party bus and cars pull up to their house , with about 100 people filing out of the vehicles and into their home .                           
The Scottish government has formally launched what it has described as the country ' s first national flood risk management plan .                                                     
And as that ' s a fairly difficult thing to show off at a dinner party , it ' s probably not worth the investment .                                             
On Thursday , the suspension of China ' s stock markets within the first 30 minutes of trading triggered a big sell - off in global markets .                                         
That ' s leading to rapidly rising wages , which may make China ' s manufacturers less competitive against other emerging markets .                                                   
It ' s never too late to get involved in a sport or activity , and you ' d be surprised how nice it is to have something to focus on other than your next deadline .                       
She said her sister had planned to spend Christmas at the family home with her two sons but Mr Simpson - Kent ' wasn ' t very happy ' about it .                                 
On New Year ' s Eve , we had family to stay and , as we all sat down to play cards , I banned phones from the room .                                     
" We couldn ' t really consider match officials that were involved in a match - changing error in a semi - final to show up in a grand final ," Wilson said .                             
He will stay on as the board ' s lead independent director , the company said Monday in a statement .                                                       
But we have enough games this season when we hopefully can use him but not , if nothing happens , for at least the next 10 days .                                         
The timing couldn ' t be better as tennis takes centre stage in the build - up to the Australian Open .                                                     
You ' re looking at a group of people who have the expression of : what did you do that for ?                                                     
Having grown up in an Asian Muslim household and community in Britain , Ms Khan can recognise the symptoms all too clearly .                                                   
The price of U . S . oil has climbed 9 . 5 percent over the last three days as investors hope production will be reduced , which would strengthen the fuel ' s price .                         
The aim is to advance through the ranks by winning points in the games , with the highest position being Prime Minister .                                                   
Not only did I find that out , but I also noticed in the process that you ' re giving up a lot of information .                                             
We are all in the game because of our love of it , so I ' d be happy to have a coffee to talk him through how I dealt with it .                               
The man , who is in his 20s , had recently returned to Denmark after a trip to Mexico and Brazil .                                                     
The thing I ' m struck with today is to now look back at the piece knowing what journey he was on .                                                   
But he later tweeted to say he had not taken a position on how many migrants had grounds for asylum , it being a matter for the authorities and the courts .                                 
He goes to bed early , around 7 . 30pm , so we ' re worried that he turned off his hearing aid and went to sleep and then the houses went up so quickly .                         
They may only be the two next - best teams in each conference battling the two division champions with the least impressive records .                                                 
When David was nine he had to watch his mother being murdered , beaten to death by her boyfriend as David was hiding in the corner .                                           
I mean , every time I walk in this room , everyone expects me to win every single match , every single day of my life .                                           
" I think the interesting activities of the last number of weeks demonstrate that some of our male colleagues still don ' t get it in terms of treating all women with respect ," Ms Stone said .                     
" Barack Obama , when he was United States senator , was kind enough to come to Vermont and campaign for me ," he said .                                             
And then I ran into him out a few months later and we started hanging out and now we are in a relationship .                                                 
The site , the exact location of which we ' ve been asked not to reveal in order to protect it , is 1 , 100 square meters and 2 meters ( 6 feet ) below the modern ground surface .               
In the UK the season premiere attracted around 70 , 000 viewers - a small number compared with free - to - air channels , but a relatively strong showing for a programme on Sky Atlantic .                       
Putin has said Moscow needs to hunt down IS militants before they cross into Russia , which has a large Muslim population .                                                   
Only 25 , 000 households in New Jersey remained without power Sunday morning , roughly a quarter of those reported Saturday night , New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie said .                                   
As a Premier League manager I can tell you that has definitely happened over the last four or five years .                                                       
To actually share it with other people and to also make a living from it , it ' s -- I can ' t think of anybody I ' d want to trade places with .                         
A solid presence in the middle of the park and probably the key man if United are to turn their form around .                                                   
A 2014 study found that people in a group thought their group ' s leader was more attractive than did people who weren ' t in that group .                                       
More than 400 , 000 people have watched the video on Facebook , and the story has attracted a lot of media attention .                                                 
But it is a very critical element of people ' s experiences and about one third of what people spend is actually on food and drink .                                           
It ' s a terrible thing to put men , women and their families who already have been through armed conflict through .                                                   
I think if this had happened to me at 20 - years - old I would ' ve had a different look and would have believed that I ' m changing the world .                             
We ' ve had a lot of success of late and hopefully we can keep having some success to stay at No . 1 in the world .                                         
We ' ve had opportunities to do something like this in the past but all the factors have come together this time .                                                   
Ms Harris said : ' I ' m going to the estate agents and offer less than what they want - but I ' m going to tell them I can give them cash .                             
Its survey of manufacturers , retailers and the services sector showed a balance of 6 % reporting increased business , the lowest since May 2013 .                                             
I think what we do as leaders , as we say who we are , what we believe , and where we want to lead , and let the people decide ," he said .                           
When people tried to reach him , if he was not at home , they would ring Paul , whom they knew shared the house .                                             
A hospital placed in special measures two years ago has been told it will remain so until significant improvements have been made .                                                   
To have that relationship is rare , to be able to have it with you and share those moments is pretty special actually .                                                 
It says mobile providers should help customers manage bills by allowing them to set a monthly bill limit , as credit card companies have to .                                             
I don ' t imagine that many people would have seen his dying as a personal loss - indeed , many may not even have recognised his name .                                       
" Central to our plan to fix the public finances is the sale of government assets to help pay down the national debt and ensure economic security for working people ," a Treasury spokesman said .                         
Apple will likely make significant changes in the next major iPhone release , expected in September , which could fuel another surge in sales .                                               
First lady Michelle Obama arrives at President Barack Obama ' s State of the Union address during a joint session of Congress , Feb .                                               
My mum is the one who went through it all so maybe she should get the free flights not me .                                                       
After a couple of hours , we were told it was safe to come out , and we were put back on a plane home within hours .                                         
The decision taken by the Security Council means that we are no longer alone , we have the hand of the United Nations , of the whole world to the end of this war .                           
My parents took the view ... that life shouldn ' t be easy , why worry about making it difficult ?                                                       
" She was a beautiful little child and innocent and she didn ' t deserve what happened to her ," she said .                                                   
That ' s up from 5 . 8 percent two years ago , when the last survey was conducted , and it is the largest jump among all age groups .                                   
When you first come in , you try and make it , and then you try to establish a name for yourself and eventually try and play as long as you can .                               
Rubio actually got the same advice from a CBS News producer in the room before he gave his speech , but he didn ' t take it .                                         
We urge players not to leave it until the last minute to purchase a ticket for Saturday ' s draw .                                                       
The whole trip came as a total surprise for the 60 - year - old , who lives in a rural Polish village , and has never travelled beyond the country for a holiday .                           
But the experience of 25 states where right - to - work laws are already on the books show that union membership rates do indeed decline over the long term after the laws are introduced .                         
" I ' m so excited to be in Melbourne with James for New Year ' s Eve ," she said .                                                     
If the British government is aware that other countries do not recognise same - sex marriage they should try to defend what their law says .                                             
Sunday ' s video was a response to the UK decision to extend its bombing of the group from Iraq to Syria .                                                   
The six officers were arrested after Gray , a 25 - year - old black man , died in police custody in April .                                                 
At the same time , Friday ' s solid jobs report could make it more likely that the Federal Reserve will further raise rates after announcing its first increase in nearly a decade last month .                         
All that effort goes into a few seconds , minutes or hours of competition on a few days per year , depending on your event .                                             
President Obama said Thursday that the federal government will make $ 80 million in federal funding available to Flint , Michigan to help the city recover from its water crisis .                                   
Clinton ' s campaign , which spent about $ 75 million last year to build a large data - driven organization , ended the year with $ 38 million on hand .                                 
We ' re a party that is in a position to do things like that on both sides of the border .                                                     
Police said the bodies were found when specialist personnel from the Department of Fire and Emergency Services gained access to the homes .                                                   
The country has the world ' s highest number of school - age children who are not in class - more than 10 million .                                               
But our commitment to teachers has always been that we would get them the devices first to give them time to play and get familiar with them .                                         
It is unclear which of the two lines of inquiry was opened first by the FBI and whether they eventually will be combined and presented before a special grand jury .                                   
" If you ' re actually going to come up with a compromise , these things always happen at the last minute ," he said .                                             
With only months left in the White House , this is Mr Obama ' s last chance to shape his legacy .                                                     
As far as main characters go , players have the option of choosing one of four male characters from the Star Wars franchise .                                                 
In fact , many of the claims of speed reading aren ' t accurate , given what we know about how reading works .                                                 
In light of the clear split , he warned there would be " problems ahead " if the prime minister did not allow free campaigning on both sides of the debate .                                 
It is known to benefit the mother but there is also a benefit for the child in getting the father involved in their coming into being .                                           
And candidates who have not spent as much time in Iowa , like New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie and Ohio Gov . John Kasich , are putting an enormous focus on New Hampshire .                           
The Royal Navy had originally requested 12 ships but the high cost of the advanced ships meant the force ended up with just six .                                               
" We were out to give him just a nice quiet trial there yesterday ... over the next week we ' ll look to map out where he looks to ," he said .                             
But it also found welfare spending had grown at a much faster rate in high - wage cities , with benefit payments more than 50 % higher than in other places .                                 
It gets to a point where , this season , we had a lot of options going forward and the playing minutes have been a bit of a problem .                                     
In a text message late Monday , he said he had not seen the court filing and could not comment on it .                                                   
If they do fall in love with the game , he will back them , of course ; after all , it has given him everything he has and knows .                                   
When you feel it it ' s a very strong reaction for most people , they basically laugh at those who say it doesn ' t exist .                                         
It was the second terrorist attack I ' d witnessed within just a few days of my return to the country where so much British blood has been shed .                                     
The way they treated him , and other veterans , it ' s just not the way any veteran should ever be treated .                                                 
The internet can be a very dangerous place when it comes to regulation , and I would hate to see someone else lose their life in a similar way to David .                                 
Police say three arrests were made on Saturday for assault , but refused to confirm media reports that they were all Polish citizens .                                                 
The average German owns 10 , 000 of them , while in 2013 , the UK was home to six billion items of clothing .                                               
I ' m becoming increasingly concerned and the current position is that the ability to deliver it is a question on which the jury is out .                                           
After scoring 13 in his first three months at the club he claimed less than that in the whole of 2015 .                                                     
' I started to realise that life isn ' t life if you ' re not enjoying it - and I was not happy with myself as a man .                                     
What patients never ask , but should , is how long it will take for them to get back to normal .                                                     
" I am sure they will try to get into me but it ' s all good off the park - I hope they do well this year ," said Roberts at his first Brisbane pre - season training session on Monday .           
" We ' re not sure if we will get the whole kitchen up and running but we will be doing our best ," he said .                                           
We reviewed its status again in August 2015 and re - listed it - no doubt in part because we need cooperation from Turkey to identify Australians travelling through Turkey to fight in Syria .                           
Foreign countries from the UK to Pakistan , following America ' s lead , now conduct their own drone strikes .                                                       
She makes you go back to the drawing board - not just for me , but for many other players .                                                       
A new CEO will not be chosen until after the start of the new season , and could start at League Central as late as August .                                           
" In year 11 and year 12 , people start seeing these career options , so they start going into something they know because it ' s more secure ," she said .                               
This is despite fresh political tensions in the Middle East involving Saudi Arabia and Iran , which would usually push up prices .                                                   
It ' s a big challenge for us in New Zealand but I ' m confident if we continue playing the way we are , hopefully we can have a lot of success over there .                         
He also promised that the SNP would set out " ambitious plans " for the future of Scotland in the coming days .                                                   
Amy said : ' I ' m definitely missing out , but it ' s a part of my life , and that ' s the way it is ... I love my family more than I can say .                   
The letter ends by warning parents the school will phone them at home to collect their children if they are not wearing the correct uniform including black shoes .                                       
" The current government is quite concerned to make sure that any tax reform is seen as fair ," Dr Oliver said .                                                   
We have 29 million people without any health insurance , and John , they wait a very long time to get healthcare .                                                   
She has struggled to find the same success since then , although she made the semi - finals of the French Open in 2015 .                                               
We ' ve got people around the club that have constantly kept the players informed and talked to them and will be on hand next week as well .                                       
They have rather a large job on at the moment , you of all people should be aware of that .                                                       
Since last year , Clinton has been under fire for using a private email account and private server to conduct business , rather than an official State Department address .                                     
While the U . N . says all sides in the conflict have blocked the delivery of aid , it has repeatedly criticized Syria ' s government .                                         
Republican Sen . Marco Rubio of Florida decided not to seek re - election to his Senate seat so he could focus on the presidential race .                                           
I ' d ask why he wasn ' t out with friends on a Friday night and he ' d say he was too tired .                                             
Broadway is a museum that ' s not moving forward , and musical theatre should reflect what and how we are now - our pop culture , our political situation .                                   
He said it had been the ' worst Christmas ever ' as he and his wife could only afford one present each for their children .                                             
Indeed , this was much like the NFL of old , where everything goes and only the strongest survive to play again the next week .                                             
Singapore has been added to the Japan tour this year , but it falls right in the middle of when Jones normally takes a couple of months off .                                       
What can you say to somebody tonight to convince them that you don ' t want to take away everybody ' s guns ?                                                 
The head of the First Trust Bank in Northern Ireland says a UK exit from the European Union could have a significant impact on the rural economy .                                         
I hope people will gain an understanding of what domestic abuse is , because it isn ' t just the physical violence .                                                   
When pressed on why he doesn ' t take the President at his word that his goal is to protect innocent people -- children -- from gun violence , Cruz brought up one of his Senate colleagues , who is a prominent anti - gun Democrat .   
" And there is evidence that without the demand caused by mass immigration , house prices could be 10 % lower over a 20 - year period ," she said .                                   
When I ' m with my close friends and coaching staff that have helped me out so much , it ' s a strange feeling .                                             
It would have been nice but from an airline ' s perspective , it ' s slightly dangerous to give birth on a plane and it ' s not this wonderful celebration .                               
City of Edinburgh Council workers found the remains at the city ' s oldest primary school while carrying out survey work to build an extension .                                             
When I ask him why he changed his mind about bombing Syria , he says he didn ' t ; so long as there was a UN resolution , he was always going to back it .                       
One week ago it emerged the first safe found on the building site had disappeared and police had launched a theft investigation .                                                   
I thought that if I was to give up meat for an entire month , I might as well learn a little in the process .                                             
Some boys are still out but there ' s great potential that we have in this team and the depth is something great to have ," he said .                                       
A man had no idea a Cardiff teenager he helped get to Syria would join up with Islamic State militants , a court heard .                                               
She said thousands of passengers had been affected by delays that day , and said there are continuing costs as a result of their actions with additional security measures put in place since the incident .                         
It ' s a minor step in a campaign to win a congressional seat , but can influence the activists whose efforts can win or lose a race .                                       
This meant that they may be receiving more income support than people who had the same amount of income from a different source .                                                 
Women were more than twice as likely as men to wait more than a year after first seeking medical advice , and so were patients from low - income families with a household income under £ 20 , 000 .                 
When I ' m writing songs , sometimes I don ' t understand what I ' m writing about , and it kind of takes me a decade to figure it out .                               
" The virus has been identified early and Rio is still seven months away , so hopefully the situation will improve by the time we get there in August ," Wells said .                               
The three men who broke out of a Southern California prison Friday reportedly had a head start of up to 16 hours before officials realized they were missing , according to a published report .                           
But despite the failure to reach a deal , both sides have already indicated they want to keep negotiating ahead of next week ' s walk - out .                                       
" I got on the set one day and heard they changed it and I said , " What are you doing here ?                                                   
My advice to Daniel is to give it one more crack as well as seriously preparing himself for life after football , in case it doesn ' t work .                                     
Even though I shed a few tears , it was a really nice night and felt good to be out .                                                       
" It was the single worst idea I have come across in my time in Australian cricket ," Jones said .                                                       
We will keep this situation under review but obviously our focus has to be on supporting our own communities through these difficult times .                                                 
At this point , the situation became so bad that Boris was forced to spend several months living inside his own car .                                                   
The mainland is the market for 25 % of Taiwan ' s exports and the destination for most of its foreign direct investment .                                                 
But gun control once again slipped down the president ' s agenda -- after the White House apparently concluded the politics of the issue were impossible .                                           
Four British women have entered the record books for becoming the fastest all - female team to row across the Atlantic .                                                     
Beijing concluded long ago that the only thing worse than putting up with North Korea ' s bad behavior is the danger of a collapse of the Kim regime .                                     
We look forward to meeting potential customers and discussing exactly what they are looking for and how they would like us to run things in their absence .                                         
If successful , that may allow the vaccine to be used during a public health emergency , in October or November .                                                     
Most of Malaysia ' s roughly 29 million people are Muslim , but the country also has more than two million ethnic Indians .                                                 
At that age , you don ' t really understand what it takes to create a place as extraordinary as that .                                                     
But if we see a guy in a uniform with a family , a wife and three kids , then he ' s more like me .                                           
When you come at Bernie Sanders on how old he is , you ' d better , as they say in Brooklyn , come correct .                                             
So even though it may be a devastating earthquake , the resulting housing crisis could be even more damaging to the city in the longer term .                                           
Mr Williams said : ' There ' s a real equality issue between those at the top who can get it if they want to but those at the bottom can ' t .                               
" I ' m not Sir Alex , as you know ," he said yesterday , when it was put to him that Ferguson did arrive on the pitch - side .                                 
He also said that although they will not be able to come to the club while serving their ban , they can still train as a group .                                         
They hadn ' t at the time , so my dad mentioned me , saying that my background is not just as an actress but with a knowledge of this industry having grown up around it and by my father ' s side .         
House price inflation is with us currently , but it ' s not secure and it ' s not something we can bank on .                                               
From the very first moment , even before seeking planning permission , " marketing is at the heart of your strategy .                                                       
The second half was an even affair , with the hosts doing enough to claim a three - point win .                                                       
The theme of this year ' s Australia Day address is that freedom from fear is very special to all of us .                                                   
But his agent insists he surprised everyone with what he was able to produce in his first season in a foreign sport .                                                   
However , while such a strategy could hurt the Coalition , it will probably hurt the economy more , and in ways that are not in the Labor interest , short , medium or long term , nor in the national interest , as Labor sees it . 
Perhaps because this northern tip of the world ' s third largest island doesn ' t have the infrastructure in place for easy travel .                                               
In that , he has had a significant degree of success but whether it will be enough to keep him from attempting a dramatic return to Westminster is another matter .                                   
" I may watch it when it ' s on ," he told CNN , when asked for comment a few days earlier .                                                 
However , a number of teachers who have been teaching for longer than that are concerned they will not be eligible to apply for the new jobs .                                         
As of one week ago , you have not held a single campaign event here in the state of Iowa .                                                       
A Labour Party document shared with the Guardian newspaper makes clear the scale of the potential threat from the new bill to Labour ' s finances .                                           
I thought I was completely forgotten because a new generation had appeared and to this new generation our names weren ' t even mentioned and our work wasn ' t shown .                                 
" It was really good at the time , we have been celebrating ever since , it has been great ," he said .                                                 
The Air Force denied an AP request for the accident investigation report in 2015 under the Freedom of Information Act .                                                       
We can ' t debate the UK ' s place in Europe ahead of an historic EU referendum without accurate statistics on this and other issues .                                           
The Islamic State affiliate in Yemen claimed responsibility for Friday ' s attack in a statement posted by the group ' s supporters on Twitter .                                             
" I won ' t be able to appeal to everybody on everything ," Rubio told The Associated Press on Monday .                                                     
As France remains on edge , President Hollande is looking to extend the state of emergency imposed after a series of suicide bombings and shootings across Paris in November , despite criticism from human rights groups .                       
But I ' d say the side we currently have isn ' t that far away from what we had back then .                                                   
But I want to repeat because I think my players deserve it , I think our fans deserve it and I am a Chelsea fan too .                                           
The school has strict rules about what the devices can be used for , but also how to treat them .                                                       
She said the members she had spoken to so far were pleased to think they would be able to help without it requiring much time or effort .                                         
But mostly , he looked like he had already been to a much better party that was too good to talk about .                                                   
He had always my biggest respect but now it ' s a little bit bigger since I ' m here .                                                       
Japan said it would be in close contact with the governments of the US , South Korea , China and Russia over the issue , its top government spokesman said .                                   
I think Ted Cruz is more disappointed than Fox News that Donald Trump isn ' t at the debate because I think Ted Cruz is now behind Donald Trump .                                     
I ' ll see if he starts from the beginning and if he is ready to come with me on the bench .                                                   
Many of those celebrating their new gun rights had found themselves at odds with those enjoying their long - standing property rights .                                                   
They can take a lot from how easy his body moves across the ground in that close - quarter situation .                                                       
But soon , the market should find out how much damage the oil shock is doing to the global economy and the financial markets .                                               
It ' s just very ambitious to do this in a way that ' s going to work , and do it on short notice .                                             
First thing is the family and the health , so it ' s good that Andy went to be with him .                                                     
The co - production thing is quite damaging to the industry and I had something like five producers in three different countries all fighting with each other .                                         
I can ' t think of a good reason that shouldn ' t be changed immediately , with all such information posted on the website for all to see .                                     
We see them all the time and not just one , sometimes three or four surrounding our boats ," he says .                                                     
What is more , millions of households have done nothing to limit the kinds of websites their children can access at home , according to the research .                                         
Local reports suggest his body was discovered by his son , but it is unknown if anyone else was with the man when he died .                                             
They played their part in a good game , but for us to come here and be disappointed with just a point shows how far we have come .                                       
I think the important thing is to stay focused on myself , like I did ( in ) the transition from my second match to the third round .                                       
" We ' re not going to stand by any agent that has deliberately done the wrong thing ," he said .                                                     
And over time , they learn how to drive the bike , and I think that ' s one way to look at what we could have done .                                       
" From our perspective it ' s a recognition that we ' ve got some pretty high quality people in the company ," the spokesperson said .                                           
' The guy just brings out a new album , which will obviously go to number one now , and you ' re thinking - great - there ' s more music in him .                           
And , how do we get those with mental illness , and criminals , that ' s the real problem here , how are we going to get them to follow the laws ?                             
If you ask me how my view has changed , and this may be another reason why I ' m not sad to leave the job , I ' m surprised by how much I don ' t like being in prison .           
If you think you had your phone taken , please get in touch with us and we can check whether or not we have been able to recover it .                                     
Rubio arrived at Monday ' s hearing roughly an hour and 20 minutes in , and then left after about 20 minutes .                                                   
The Home Office declined to comment on the apparent security breach at the UK border , citing national security as the reason for its silence .                                             
She said : " Although you can ' t see it , air pollution is having an impact on our health .                                                       
But in London there will be a lot of people who don ' t know the documentary at all so the show has to work as drama in its own right .                                 
There are a few countries who are getting paid real good money for Test cricket and other sides don ' t have the finance for it .                                           
U . S . Secretary of State John Kerry said Thursday it is likely that some of the billions of dollars in sanctions relief granted to Iran under a landmark nuclear deal will go to groups deemed terrorists .                   
" The prime minister would most probably get a better hearing from EU partners on his demands on free movement in advance of the referendum ," he told the Guardian .                                   
But by the time he got to a hospital , the 60 - year - old commercial property manager was feeling much better , walking and talking without difficulty .                                     
The cause wasn ' t a natural disaster but rather because the state ' s homeless problem grew out of control .                                                     
It will be interesting to see whether , given the show ' s popularity with both viewers critics , it makes the jump from BBC Two to BBC One .                                     
At a recent hearing at City Hall , community members and activists argued it was no place for people trying to shake off a criminal past .                                           
They wanted me to be taking part in as much sport as possible -- any activity and all walks of life .                                                     
This is a kind of freedom I didn ' t think I ' d ever experience , and it feels really , really good .                                               
I ' ve spoken about my concern that some of the older academy members still have a vote even though they aren ' t active in the film industry and that appears to be addressed .                         
The language was not included in statements after the Fed ' s next two meetings , in October and December .                                                       
OK , for the fans it was a poor performance , because you have seen two teams who were very busy with the tactics , but they don ' t create many chances , and that ' s why it was a poor match .       
It feels good to think about all that , to think about the world that we live in and also to think about what we want it to be .                                     
But the one good thing we can take from this is it ' s happened quite early in the wet season .                                                     
A man has been caught drink driving at more than four times the legal limit with three young children in his car .                                                   
But now in Denmark -- and this film ' s part of it -- we ' re going through a small - scale Vietnam phase trying to understand what we have been part of .                           
" It ' s impossible to really assess these kinds of things , because we ' re not in a position to know if these types of things will occur ," he said .                             
Financial data from nearly 1 , 500 people who had moved to retirement housing found three in ten released £ 100 , 000 or more in equity from their home .                                   
The EU has promised Ankara three billion euros in aid if it does more to stop the flow of migrants headed for Europe .                                                 
When the ball is out of play in the modern game , you don ' t expect that to be missed .                                                     
We have crisis levels of rape and sexual assault in this country for which it is often very difficult to get justice .                                                   
A new poll from CNN this week showed Sanders with his biggest lead in Iowa yet , beating former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 51 - 43 percent among Iowa Democrats .                                 
One key exhibition won ' t take place at the museum at all -- and you may or may not be able to see it .                                             
2 - There have only been two meetings between the sides in the history of the League Cup , both of which finished 2 - 0 .                                           
I know you guys ( in the media ) make it a different case - I get that because you think I ' m old and all that - but it ' s no problem for me .                     
And when they do eventually change , it ' s never for more than about five seconds - just enough time to let two cars through .                                           
No - one who voted Labour in 2015 was involved , with those questioned including former Labour voters and Conservative and SNP supporters aged between 30 and 50 .                                       
" He was disappointed , but I think the next part of his career is going to be the best part of his career ," Jones said .                                         
But a full accounting of the crisis , the government response to it and the costs of a long - term solution will not be available until later .                                       
We never turn patients away and all patients who come to us for treatment will continue to receive the care they need as they always have done .                                         
Earlier in the day , Cruz dismissed Trump ' s suggestion that he ' s not a natural - born citizen .                                                     
While we keep letters under consideration for publication for up to a week , those that respond quickly to today ' s or yesterday ' s news can stand a better chance of being published .                         
Officials with the gas company do not believe the explosion was caused by a gas leak , but it has not been ruled out .                                               
A common approach is clearly needed to deal with this problem , a significant part of which has to be education .                                                     
The animal ' s owner said his beloved pet jumped out of the vehicle they were travelling in when he stopped to use a bathroom .                                             
I was making a clear point that what Jeremy Corbyn was doing was talking with migrants and telling them they could come to Britain .                                               
Unlike other famous barriers in history such as the Berlin Wall or the Great Wall of China , the U . S . version is not much of a wall .                                   
No matter how much we convinced ourselves that we were part of their world , we remained as far away as ever .                                                   
The organization noted that roughly one in three girls in the developing world are married before the age of 18 , and more than 1 million children are behind bars .                                   
The report found that from 2000 to 2014 , the number of traffic lights on Britain ' s roads increased by 25 per cent .                                               
Even if he is ultimately returned to the United States , the maximum punishment he would face is 120 days in jail .                                                   
It ' s not clear who was responsible for the attacks , and the numbers of cases is likely to further rise .                                                   
You always want to get him out as early as possible , as he ' s definitely the type of character who can win games on his own .                                       
And because there ' s no number of guns listed in the pre - existing law , there ' s no magic number of guns someone can sell before being required to apply for a license .                       
Earlier this month , he said he wasn ' t ruling out a tax , which is somewhat different from last year ' s statements that he " doesn ' t see a need " for it .                     
They believed it was time to develop a national team that could compete with and challenge the best in the world .                                                     
It is suggested that the accounts are not to be believed because the children report sexual activity with ( a ) dog and other animals .                                             
She said she hoped that the report into her son ' s death would have far - reaching implications across the Health Service .                                                 
The company was charging $ 200 one - way during the day and $ 300 at night , with lower prices for customers who book ahead .                                           
If you want somebody who is going to beat Trump and going to beat other Republicans , I think Bernie Sanders is that candidate .                                               
Marco Rubio is going to bring us together , and make us understand we are all Americans with a common future .                                                     
Los Angeles County prosecutors have not charged a law enforcement officer for an on - duty shooting in 15 years .                                                       
Last season he missed just two games because of injury and is determined to help the Broncos go one step further this year .                                                 
She said : ' He was desperate to get the attention of his ex - girlfriend by scoring a goal but he has failed in his mission and is sorry for his actions .                               
We have seen time and time again that even with injuries players can still be very dangerous and can still very much close out matches .                                             
We live in an odd society where we all want to be rich but are encouraged to hate people who are .                                                     
But we can ' t let this kind of warning drive us crazy and we ' ve got to go on continuing to live our lives in freedom .                                       
" Unfortunately , this is exactly the profile of those in the senior positions of power and influence within the church ," she said .                                               
It ' s a piece that will take you on a journey , and it starts in a beautiful place , it takes to some very dark places , but it ends also in a happy place .                     
In the past few months , Twitter has cut back on the amount of ads it shows its users - but you may not have noticed .                                           
There are , of course , major differences between Iran and North Korea , not least of which is that Iran had only a potential nuclear weapons program , and had not yet developed nuclear weapons .                       
Another group of residents who have lost their homes have been taken into the town on Monday to see the damage first hand .                                                 
The other day , I asked our younger daughter what she ' d like for Christmas , if she could have anything at all .                                               
Las Vegas responded to the call , and city leaders say they have enough services and programs in place to house every homeless veteran .                                               
The Aberdeen - based company said " terrible " weather and flooding at the end of last year hit its bus business .                                                   
Many former aides have signed on with New Jersey Gov . Christie , who is hoping an impressive Iowa showing can launch him to victory eight days later in New Hampshire .                                 
If anyone has any information about where he is or his movements since December 16 then please get in touch with us .                                                   
In 2014 , 92 . 1 % of Iowa residents were white , compared to the statistics of the United States population as a whole , where 77 . 4 % of the population is white .                       
There are those who say that junior doctors should just get on with it - and working conditions were worse in the old days .                                               
" We have been working with Mr Taylor and industry to tackle this from the front end as well as the back end ," he said .                                           
She said the first Christmas without her son had been terrible , and the family had left an empty chair for him during dinner .                                               
But there have been major tensions over who would be invited to the talks , and the opposition has demanded confidence - building measures from the government on humanitarian issues .                                   
Not for the first time this season , though , City couldn ' t extra momentum to create a winner .                                                       
When practice ended at 9 p . m ., the girl stayed with a friend until the friend was picked up by their parents .                                               
Trump on Sunday also pushed back against the notion he cannot compete against Democratic front - runner Hillary Clinton in a general election .                                                 
We have fewer rooms than in our old house , but there ' s an amazing feeling of space ," she says .                                                   
It said it was now hard to see how Scotland ' s 32 local authorities could afford to put up council tax bills .                                                 
" Some of us have been working for years - we have teachers who have 10 or 12 years of experience ," she said .                                               
Our thinking has continued to develop and I would really appreciate the opportunity to share this with you , given your expert knowledge in this area .                                           
We then had individual exit interviews , we took the group picture that you see above , and then I was on my way .                                               
We are thinking about going game by game but when you get a game like tonight , it is very tough for the team .                                               
Speaking at a news conference on Monday , he said : " Let me make clear that this is a great professional and a great person .                                             
I haven ' t left Glasgow in nearly four years , living on benefits and raising a child at the same time can do that to you .                                         
We should all be excited but it is not really like that at the moment , it ' s very , very hard .                                                 
But he ' s had a very good start to this year and beat Roger to win Brisbane a couple of weeks ago .                                                 
He said the " very aggressive " pace of change in bringing in the new guidance could have been a factor in the " error " subsequently made .                                       
Research says most of us lie at least once or twice a day and the biggest lies are often told to those we love the most .                                           
" The car is a real help , It ' s hard to find work without a car ," he said .                                                     
He ' s still doing what he does , 20 years after I discovered him and 50 years after he started doing it .                                                 
March 10 - North Korea test fires another surface - to - vessel anti - ship missile into the Sea of Japan .                                                   
We hope his name is cleared and that he can return to the European football family as quickly as possible .                                                       
But romantic love is only one of the things that may interest the mind , and sometimes it does not interest the mind at all .                                             
The 19 - year - old French forward has scored 11 goals in 29 performances this season and may well reduce Spurs ' demand for another striker .                                         
Black smoke could be seen from the area , and more than 75 firefighters knocked down the fire within 20 minutes .                                                     
A spokesman from the company ' s head office said they had experienced " issues in the past " so would not allow any employee to talk , but we could speak to customers .                           
" We have been concerned about regional universities for a long time , but what is really surprising is the numbers in the more well - known group of eight ," he said .                             
The 14 - unit limit has been chosen because at that point , your drinking leads to a 1 % risk of dying from alcohol - related causes .                                       
I think perhaps it ' s a bit early ... we ' ll offer them whatever support they ' ll need ," he said .                                               
In rich countries it went up from six to 11 years over that period , and in poor ones it shot from two to seven .                                             
Mrs Edwards said : ' When we first came here the traffic used to be backed up and you used to have to take all these little side roads to get to the house .                             
' If nothing comes of this , I ' ve decided I ' m not going to look any more ,' she said .                                                 
They did a great job getting us to that level - even if we didn ' t have a great World Cup or win the Six Nations .                                         
There ' s a lot of reasons for this , one of which is that the gun culture has become what would be considered a classic social movement .                                       
But a leading Australian doctor has warned that intense techniques are putting the lives of the young women that use them at risk by threatening their long - term health .                                   
" This is about children that are going to sit down and they ' re going to watch the show and they ' re not going to see themselves represented ," said Smith .                             
She ' s good value , and I think the public has just seen a bit more of her and are now getting to know what she ' s like and what sort of person she is .                     
Over the last parliament there were 14 per cent cuts in real terms and there will be 8 per cent cuts in this one ," he added .                                         
Best moment : Paul finally had the opportunity to talk about criminal justice reform , an issue near to his heart .                                                     
He is quite right to try and keep [ refugee ] children in the region ... but we are where we are , there are children out there who are at risk .                               
To have spent 15 years playing the game I love for a living is an achievement in itself - and one I am proud of .                                             
Fox claims Trump campaign staff had threatened a similar " rough couple of days " for Kelly if she hosted this coming event .                                                 
The woman will also be calling for extensive equal employment opportunity policies and training to be implemented at the firm and the creation of a detailed complaints handling procedure .                                     
If United have a plan and are taking a strategic view of the summer transfer market , they will realise that it should be one dominated by themselves and Manchester City .                                 
We wanted to pay respect to the original , but at the same time we don ' t want to make it too serious .                                               
The winds were very light , so we couldn ' t get to our original location and we had to land somewhere .                                                   
A 2014 study from the University of California at San Diego found that people were deemed to look better when they were in a group .                                             
The officials added that they are willing to provide emails outside the committee ' s initial request , but warned that doing so would require more time .                                         
It is because the Government ' s proposals would be bad for patient care as well as junior doctors in the long - term that we are taking this stand .                                   
One poll showed 27 per cent approved of her performance , while another private Tory poll found only 16 per cent intended to vote for her at the next election .                                   
I very quickly discovered , however , that people often think you ' re crazy if you say you ' ve done it .                                                 
The State Department was under court order to release at least 82 percent of the more than 55 , 000 pages of emails that Clinton handed over to them .                                     
Mr Thomas was also asked to look at whether a UK - wide contract agreement " remains appropriate " and whether to increase the use of on - call staff who typically hold other jobs .                         
It ' s each space and how do you best serve the community and how do you best serve your children and the issues of , you know , the online space in an obvious way that everything is immediate .               
While I don ' t personally feel I have a mental health problem , perhaps without support I may have developed one .                                                   
And the only other ethnic groups reporting higher levels of perceived discrimination with any part of the state is the black community with the police , criminal justice and immigration authorities , a relationship that we know to be very troubled .             
But if you perform well , and for me part of it was just making sure that I could string a few games together , they can ," Paris said .                                   
Sir Michael indicated his backing last week , telling the BBC : ' The Prime Minister ' s view that we have got to make sure that our liberal values , our liberal West values , are protected , people need to listen to that .       
The Government ' s strategy into childhood obesity , which was scheduled to be published in December , will be published next month .                                                 
Here comes a year in which you see why you ' re entitled to be proud of yourself and to feel secure about the kind of future you can create .                                   
If the snow is already starting to fall where you are and you can only make one trip , and if you need any medical supplies , that is a trip to make .                             
Turkish police say they ' ve arrested two people with alleged ISIS ties on suspicion of planning a bombing attack in Turkey ' s capital on New Year ' s Eve .                                 
If we can field a volunteer force that is well equipped , well trained , well supported , then I would continue to support it .                                             
The Texas senator , who has never served in the military , has used the carpet bombing line several times over the course of the campaign .                                           
Hollywood must do " much , much , much more " to reflect the audiences who watch movies , the best actor nominee told The Associated Press on Saturday .                                     
" We have so much attention in our country it ' s very , very difficult to get away from ," he says .                                                 
She really wants to do a reality TV show with him , but he won ' t even talk about her in an interview .                                               
The U . S . is still the world ' s leading source of cruise passengers , with about 11 million a year .                                                 
I would never ... expect a middle school to ask 13 - year - old kids if your parents have ever been in jail , if they ' re same - sex , if they ' re having financial issues .               
They said that all commercial and air traffic links were being cut and that Saudi citizens were banned from travelling to Iran .                                                   
" Most of us who spend part of our lives in Washington know to expect the worst when it comes to snow ," he said .                                             
Another homeless man , a 29 - year - old former soldier who asked not to be named , said he had been sleeping near where Mr Smith had died , but had left the area shortly before it happened .               
I ' m just really looking at me right now , and I feel like if I can just continue to play well , then it could be good .                                     
' I still can ' t believe , not only that they ' re dead , but that he was capable of killing his children .                                             
Cox added that shoppers should also update any personal information - such as changes to your family size or income - which can impact what they pay .                                         
But it ' s clear there has been heavy fighting and that ISIS has gained the upper hand , taking a number of districts as well as high ground around the city .                               
Chris Martin has revealed he has adopted a 6 : 1 diet - which involves not eating on one day a week .                                                   
They also want to know who specifically donated the money , why it was donated and why it took more than six months for the government to say where the money came from .                             
A number of residents have had to leave their homes in the Republic of Ireland due to the risk of flooding following heavy rain .                                               
Whether you ' re a big city , a small county or an entire state -- someone just like you has done it .                                                 
Among other actions , they should also keep clear of fallen power lines and avoid using their phones during the storm .                                                     
I hope it will open up a conversation - a civil dialogue around things that I think do need to change .                                                     
I tried to take islands of thought , islands of ideas and link them together , and hoped to come up with a good ending .                                             
" It ' s a really exciting time for us , massive to have Australia coming here for a series ," she says .                                                 
[ Later at a ] hall where we had a few drinks with the family , he collapsed and we had to get an ambulance .                                             
But they are also ones that the overwhelming majority of the American people , including gun owners , support and believe in .                                                   
But we do have huge quality and we have the advantage of being able to work closely together in a way in which it ' s difficult to do in a country as big as England .                       
You don ' t think of yourself as different when you ' re growing up ; you just want to fit in .                                                   
She said the ACT had grown its exports by 9 . 2 per cent over the past five years and that 99 per cent of its exports were people .                                     
A judge ordered for Jackson to be found not guilty on Tuesday after the state failed to present sufficient evidence to continue the case .                                               
But it is only now , as the operating system goes beyond technology companies , that the vision may become a reality .                                                   
CBS Chicago reports that the city of Chicago announced plans Sunday morning for a third - party review of the city Law Department ' s Federal Civil Right ' s division .                                 
Bowie died on 10 January in New York , aged 69 , after an 18 - month battle with cancer .                                                       
" This research shows that there are some simple steps which can be taken to fix the alcohol tax system and reduce the harm caused by heavy drinking ," he said .                                 
The company has been charged with failing to ensure the health , safety and welfare at work of employees by failing to ensure a safe system of work with vehicles .                                   
They ' re the ones who you look toward when you ' re trying to figure out what is going on at the school .                                               
When they did get possession to move , they either knocked on or were turned over and it said everything about their spirit that they returned home with a bonus point having spent most of the match on the back foot .             
But that is only about two - thirds the roughly 3 . 5 percent typically seen in a strong economy .                                                       
Tom had previously heard that some brands were making clothes to last only a certain period , so the customer would need to buy more , and said he wanted to rail against this .                           
I learned a couple of years ago that Melbourne is famous for its coffee , which I would have never even known .                                                   
" It ' s all about creating an even playing field for all of the players in the market ," he said .                                                   
The whole point of marketing is to get people to pay more for a product than they would do otherwise .                                                       
There are songs where you think it is going to turn out all right , but then it ' s just not all right .                                               
A 4 . 2 magnitude earthquake on New Year ' s Day caused minor damage to some structures but no injuries .                                                     
For earlier - stage companies there is plenty of money raised by local funds in the past 18 months that is looking for a home .                                             
The wage gap between men and women in the US is driving anxiety and depression among lower paid female counterparts , a new study has found .                                           
" The reality of American healthcare is that mental health has to be done in primary care ," he said .                                                       
They found the artificial words that contained significantly more i ' s than o ' s when the test subjects were in a positive mood .                                             
He added : " If you ' re black , you ' re more likely to be in a prison cell than studying at a top university .                                           
Both executives see big changes coming in the traditional model of car ownership , and they had similar ideas about how to address it .                                               
Both of us could be playing for a national championship , but there ' s not enough room for us , and we did that to ourselves .                                         
If you have to physically get up and walk to the kitchen for another helping , you ' re less likely to do so .                                               
At least 14 people have died as a result of the storm -- six in North Carolina , three in Virginia , one in Kentucky , three in New York City and one in Maryland .                         
The defense ministry said just after 5 p . m . that operations at the base were ongoing , 14 hours after the attack began .                                             
That was their first impression when they saw the work , and that really got it out to a lot of people .                                                   
The most recent national poll showed Trump with a strong lead and Cruz in second place , while Cruz is now leading in the key state of Iowa .                                       
Once through the act of harassment itself and once through trying to get it dealt with in a corporate setting .                                                       
Last three - meetings ... Tottenham 2 Leicester 2 FA Cup third round , January 2016 Leicester 1 Tottenham 1 , Premier League , August 2015 Tottenham 4 Leicester 3 , Premier League , March 2015 .                       
Those of you who spent the holiday season in the United States or Europe felt one data point on this longer term trend .                                                 
But I cannot think of a better man to do the job in hand this year than you my friend .                                                       
" Our children should not have to be worried about the water that they ' re drinking in American cities ," he said .                                                 
Alan Roberts , senior waste officer at the authority , said it could save up to £ 500 , 000 a year if people put all their waste into the correct bin .                               
She says : ' The island looked so different - there was electricity , and there were cars too , and many more tourists .                                                 
So it was just normal to help her to go out of the stadium and I hope she ' s doing well now .                                                 
North Korea carried out the first of its three previous nuclear tests in 2006 , making it one of the few nuclear - armed nations on earth .                                         
Some people are keen to know as much as possible about their risk and may decide to make lifestyle changes which could lower it .                                               
There are hundreds of teachers across Northern Ireland who have been teaching for more than three years without gaining a permanent post .                                                   
While the decision doesn ' t give us access to all the documents , it is an important step forward .                                                       
Former prime ministers and former ministers who want support as representatives of UK business must now make their requests through the same process that all companies follow .                                         
We have tried to change it , we haven ' t had the support to do that , but we will continue to try to work through those issues .                                     
Murray reported that his father - in - law had been released from the hospital , was feeling OK and was heading home .                                                 
2004 February 24 - 28 - The U . S ., North Korea , South Korea , China , Japan and Russia meet in Beijing , China for more talks .                                   
Not on the range : After more than 50 years of service , the Orange County Sheriff ' s Department has closed its shooting range to the public .                                       
The committee also said some of its members did support the general principles of the bill and and felt that it needed to be introduced now .                                           
This prompted concerns from further education providers that schools may only offer limited advice , rather than opening up the full range of options open to students .                                         
That figure will be significantly higher now , particularly in the US and UK , but it ' s clear there is huge potential for growth .                                           
The songs that were being secured in the ' Bowie bonds ' were the entire body of work that Bowie had recorded before 1990 .                                               
Speaking about the changes to the evidence required to apply for legal he said : " We know how challenging it is for victims of domestic violence to take their case to court .                               
I would not wish that experience on anybody - you can ' t imagine what people go through in these situations until you are in one yourself .                                         
The Zika virus has spread like wild fire across 20 countries in south and central America in the past year .                                                       
That is the ultimate in the forms of protected action that was put to the members and they have endorsed it .                                                     
When all the family knew that they had been born on the same day - thousands of miles apart - no - one could quite believe it .                                         
The UK ' s chief medical officers say new research shows any amount of alcohol can increase the risk of cancer .                                                     
He had been out celebrating with friends the night before , when he appears to have been looking for somewhere to sleep .                                                   
They want to believe that the United States isn ' t on a fast track to becoming a majority of minorities , and that same - sex marriage isn ' t widely supported or even constitutional .                       
They want Britain to take migrants who have already crossed into the EU , and are therefore not at immediate risk .                                                     
Yet yesterday MPs were told they must wait for a new inquest to determine the " full facts " - killing off the prospect of a new police inquiry .                                       
That ' s one of the reasons why men die so much younger than women - six years younger on average in America .                                                 
As dance and as drama , it ' s more tell than show : neither side gets to work at full stretch .                                                   
Earlier this week , the Pentagon refused to even confirm the Chinese flights , referring all questions about them and North Korea ' s nuclear test to the State Department .                                   
In Australia an African - American might get a finger , but in the US , he or she looks down the barrel of a gun .                                           
And we had less than a day to do it ... And on top of that , we got great coverage .                                                     
I think all the European players now , they seem to be in the driver ' s seat , but I think it will be a fair competition , and I think it will be very competitive .                     
They also stated living somewhere familiar and being near parents they ' d look after in old age as important .                                                       
Before you get started on a plan , you may want to check in with your doctor to ensure you ' re taking the right steps given your history and medical status .                               
It added it was " pushing to deliver as many as possible " to pupils before the term ' s end but could not be more specific about how many or when .                               
Cameron has already agreed to take 20 , 000 Syrian refugees over the next five years , and more than 1 , 000 have arrived .                                             
I remember those things , but couldn ' t judge it one way or the other fully ," Kelly said .                                                       
In New Hampshire , where Sanders leads Clinton , he is seen as better able to handle all the issues asked about except terrorism and gun policy .                                         
Other candidates also suggested Trump ' s absence might help give the rest of those on stage a better chance to be heard .                                                 
You can change the Academy , but if there are no black films being produced , what is there to vote for ?                                                   
What he brought was personality -- so the only way to tell whether his absence affected much comes not in the substance , but in the TV ratings .                                       
Hughes explained : " As with all negotiations , usually people representing players go in high , we go in low and somewhere in the future we come to a middle ground and it gets done .                         
A senior Labour source said : " The position would be : " You [ the Government ] can ask us to turn up and play the game to try to play for a draw , but we ' re not turning up .             
" I don ' t know if I ' ll ever get my money back ," he said , his eyes cast down .                                                 
U . S . officials have been urging the Cuban government to return the missile , the Journal said , adding that officials don ' t suspect that Cuba will try to develop similar weapons technology on its own .                 
But for this coming year they will see an even lower £ 79 - or £ 7 . 90 for each £ 1 , 000 - if they don ' t move their money .                           
It ' s clear we no longer have control of our borders , just the controls the EU allows us if we are lucky .                                               
A fundraising page has been set up to help raise money so Miller ' s family can bring his body home .                                                     
Among changes set to be introduced after the November attacks are new guidelines allowing police to keep their weapons even when off - duty .                                               
This year , take control of your health by learning these six numbers - they ' ll help with everything from losing weight to protecting your heart .                                         
This means people only need to use their arms and hands when they want to change the screen on their smartphone .                                                     
And now he not only wants to change the natural order of things , but he ' s planning to ask the people what they think .                                           
Day is confident that Palace ' s owners are using the power of the club as a force for good in south London .                                                 
" The clinic I went to was full of Irish girls ," said Price , which is not her real name .                                                     
They have also endorsed proposals drawn up by 350 top lawyers and former judges for Britain to take a fair share of refugees .                                                 
I came out on the court with the right intention , right intensity , and with a great deal of confidence I carried from the last season .                                         
Every year I come back it just seems to get bigger and better and it feels like the level of race increases every year .                                               
I have worked as a journalist and documentary film - maker for 40 years and communication is key to everything I do .                                                   
A recent US study estimated that people without strong social relationships were 30 per cent more likely to die early .                                                       
It is not yet clear whether they were linked with militants who have carried out other deadly attacks in recent months .                                                     
Not bad , but there ' s one man who could have made even better use of a 17 - year train season ticket .                                               
" You have to have someone who is a proven fighter , somebody who has taken them on and win ," she said .                                                 
A solar power company has been fined £ 250 , 000 after a worker suffered life - changing injuries when he received an electric shock from a high - power cable .                                 
Of those , 29 per cent only see friends or family once a week and a further 23 per cent only expect one weekly phone call .                                           
If people in important positions in public life speak about these things , they are bound to affect the culture and indeed may encourage young people to use them .                                     
A month later , after I ' d arrived , they informed me there would in fact be no office , no company and no job .                                           
Even when they sell , they often care deeply about the firm ' s future survival and growth , not just about getting the best price .                                           
This is a massive blow to our community , as so many people rely on the services that they offer .                                                       
The United States hasn ' t engaged in attacks that could be described as carpet bombing since the Vietnam War .                                                       
This evidence can be difficult to obtain , especially given the 24 month time limit within which it is required .                                                       
The Labour leader says he will tackle David Cameron ' s government " much more " on cuts to local councils and lack of investment .                                             
They had a couple of days out together and he got to eat his mum ' s cooking which was what he really wanted .                                               
And if she does want to hang around , it would be good if she thought again about what she wants to do with the job .                                           
The allegations made against one of Sydney ' s former dancing stars have sent shock waves through the dancing community .                                                       
According to the latest figures Apple has shared - from October - sales of the smartphone make up 63 % of the company ' s entire revenue .                                         
In 2016 we will continue to focus on providing great value and variety , as well as invest in our restaurants , our people and our menu , to ensure customers enjoy a great experience every time they visit us .               
If we take the boys out and it ' s really cold , we can ' t stay for too long .                                                     
I would believe they want to buy us because we are a company that knows what we ' re doing in terms of the audience that we have , and the mobile business ," he says .                       
The wage gap between American women and men might be one reason why women have higher rates of depression and anxiety , a new study suggests .                                           
He accepted , and his first concert with the group - the rest of whom were in their early 20s - was in London , which came with a night ' s stay at one of London ' s most famous five - star hotels .     
The drone would know exactly where to bring its package , and not have to touch down on the customer ' s land .                                                 
He played centre - half then and , given that Liverpool have no available centre - backs , that is probably where he will play this evening .                                         
I chose to photograph him because I was struck by the fact that he chose to live his life as if he were not suffering at all .                                         
The leak is expected to be stopped in March , but the company has agreed to house people through April .                                                       
Mr Cameron believes government officials have taken the negotiations as far as they can - and that the final deal will rest on face - to - face talks between political leaders .                               
He did a great job in the movie , but at the same time , what does that say about how people are selected for these awards ?                                         
But that ' s easier said than done when you run a 24 / 7 business like a guest house .                                                       
Seattle mayor Ed Murray called the shooting an active crime scene and urged people to stay away from the area .                                                       
" A fair amount of taxpayers " money goes into universities and the public therefore have every right to know where their money is going .                                             
" Unfortunately the president , he admits , the clock has probably already run out for a congressional fix on the gun problem ," Jones said .                                           
In the winter crisis of 2000 , Tony Blair promised to bring the UK up to the EU average - and Labour did .                                                 
We ' re talking numbers that this nation , I ' m not sure , is really prepared to deal with .                                                     
I had a good few months of selling the high - end stuff when I first started working here , and my target went up to £ 500 a week .                                   
Police say the full extent of the attacks only became clear in the following days as increasing numbers of victims began to come forward .                                               
We are looking at what activity a particular company has in France , so that we can request a fair amount of tax .                                                 
In 2014 , a state - appointed emergency manager approved a switch for Flint from Detroit ' s water system to Flint River water to save money .                                         
So my advice is don ' t miss out - choose an engineer to work with and get registered now .                                                       
I may be small , I might not have the most extended feet or longest legs - but I have what I have , and when I ' m on stage I ' m in my own world .                   
She was 76 and set in her ways , and would only sit for him once the light had gone from the garden .                                                 
He was about 150 metres away from where the ball had been hit so the ball wasn ' t travelling at its fastest .                                                 
We ' re hoping to understand what ' s going on , why this six - year - old is being treated like a suspected terrorist .                                           
Netflix has previously said that it wants to get rid of location - specific content entirely , in the future .                                                       
Most were at primary schools , and of these more than a third were in London or the South East , where pressure for places is highest .                                         
Maria ' s day involved taking her children to craft sessions in a church hall , to a swimming pool and to a football class .                                             
The long - term benefits of this investment will be considerable , not just for our railway , but also for the country .                                                 
It ' s all a bit of fun if you get a record but this wet weather has had a huge impact on the community .                                             
And a police source told the Guardian : " The idea of doors being kicked in by people dressed in black from central government may not go down well in certain parts of the country .                           
' Women are so easily capable of being with other women , but for men it ' s still a difficult thing .                                                   
You still have to get results , although the perfect performances we are all searching for do take longer to produce .                                                     
We are trying to look to the future and have signed a player who we believe will get better with us and , hopefully , stay here for many years .                                   
But the only thing I can worry about is how I continue to get these guys prepared and get them playing better basketball , because obviously we know we can be much better and I know we can be much better .             
Reporter : Sanders coming down hard on Clinton with his key issue -- Wall Street ' s hold on Washington .                                                       
Trump said he was a big fan of Wayne and that the actor represented strength and power - which , he said , the American people are looking for .                                     
The 26 . 6 inches of snow that fell in Central Park on Saturday is , however , a one - day record for New York City .                                         
She didn ' t know what to say to that , but she did forward me to the right people and I got straight through .                                             
" He ' s one of those once - in - a - lifetime people that you find ," Day said .                                                     
US Secretary of State John Kerry on Thursday urged China to support a more aggressive approach with Pyongyang , saying its North Korea policy had been a failure .                                       
But pregnant women from the U . S . are being advised not to go to countries where the Zika virus is spreading if they don ' t have to .                                   
The simple truth is this : the impact of free movement on rural and former industrial areas is very different from the big cities .                                               
It calls for conducting dozens of small - scale clinical trials with as many as 20 , 000 patients over the next three years , followed by larger - scale trials .                                 
Last week , a landmark court ruling allowed three children and a vulnerable adult there to come to Britain to live with family members .                                               
His campaign reported raising just under $ 40 , 000 as of the end of the last quarter , and had less than $ 10 , 000 in cash on hand as of Sept .                           
No blame is attached to players who miss , it takes a lot of balls to stand up and take one .                                                     
Because when you ignore the progress we ' ve made , then you ' re not going to make good choices about where we need to go in the future .                                   
" It ' s called YouTube ," says Mr Jones , whose job is to talk to world leaders and governments about what Google is doing .                                           
That could be a sign of trouble for the overall retail industry , where some companies make as much as 40 % of their annual revenue during the holidays .                                     
If Donald Trump wins the Republican nomination , there will once again be no opposition to an ever - expanding government ," he said .                                               
" I think what has happened is the health committee has had the opportunity to speak to the experts and examine the evidence ," he added .                                           
This might not be what I want to do for ever , but in a strange way I actually enjoy it .                                                     
One analyst who studies the group ' s relations with the media said the Taliban felt after that incident that reporters were taking sides .                                               
" At the beginning of the campaign , no one in the entire world knew what was going to happen ," he said after the screening .                                           
The maximum income for first - time buyers to get help through a shared ownership scheme will rise to £ 90 , 000 - a very high joint sum , Mr Cameron conceded .                             
It doesn ' t have to be severe exercise , a walk is fine , and doing it before a meal gives as much benefit as doing it afterwards .                                     
But rather than focusing on individual features , there ' s a more fundamental approach that makes for a happy estate .                                                     
Mr Brown led the charge for what was initially known as the Newcastle experiment and has , in the eight years since it was implemented , since become known as the Newcastle solution .                             
Meanwhile , a number of the men he interviewed were looking for " a sex object ," not a partner , and did not care that the women could not talk to them because of a language barrier .                   
" I haven ' t seen him in so many years , I can ' t make a big drama out of it ," she said .                                           
Of course , when you ' re only seeing somebody once a year , it takes longer to spot the signs .                                                     
Conservative spending was down on the £ 16 . 7 million reported in 2010 and the cost of the Liberal Democrat campaign was cut from almost £ 4 . 8 million at the previous poll .                         
Before Iowa knew it , they were down 21 - 0 and struggling in the pass game , run game and on special teams .                                               
' But there ' s no need to worry , we ' ve got a great range of new plans to suit your needs .                                               
In a sign of that promise , Kasich told a voter concerned about climate change that he ' s committed to reducing carbon emissions .                                               
" It just took on this feeling of watching a movie happening really ," he said in the lead - up to the tragedy ' s fifth anniversary .                                       
The 25 - year - old Brazilian has been in stunning form for the Ukrainian side this season , with over 20 goals already this term .                                           
The 33 - year - old ' s new deal will include the 2019 World Cup campaign which will take place in France .                                                 
He believes his party is doing enough to boost women in leadership positions , but that parties in general can do more .                                                   
Trump said the endorsement " means a lot because it does mean that strength that you don ' t see ," Trump explained to the room of mostly reporters .                                     
Gordon certainly thought there was - though Tony , like many top - flight politicians , is capable of leaving a colleague with the impression they might want to have , without saying the exact words they want to hear .               
" The copyright stuff comes up , I think , every campaign ... it happens all the time ," he told Fox News .                                                 
Clinton has been under criticism since news broke last spring that she had as secretary of state used a private server and email accounts for official business .                                         
Since we started in January our ratings have increased by the week so it ' s been a great move so far , and hopefully we can continue the momentum .                                   
The government was accused of allowing Google to pay too little , and it has been reported that the internet giant is facing a tax bill three times that size in France .                               
What ' s led to interest in what ' s happened over New Year ' s Eve is where people have been taken advantage of , and as a fundamental position we do not support that .                       
He looked more like a 29 - year - old than a 39 - year - old who ' s been dealing with foot injuries .                                             
Many of them had been competing for a long time and had plans to build a career in the fitness industry .                                                     
The top - ranked and defending champion Djokovic started strongly , holding his opening service game to love , then breaking No .                                                   
New workers , who lack access to entry - level positions and the skills and experience that come with them , are falling behind .                                               
But who goes head - to - head with the Democrats ' pick later this year seems like anyone ' s game .                                                   
The guidelines , which apply to adult offenders only , will come into effect in England and Wales from 1 April 2016 .                                                   
No one expects Apple to match those results in the current , January - March quarter , as sales traditionally drop after the holiday shopping season and the introduction of new models .                               
" You have a lot of sexual harassment - guys send girls remarks about their bodies , about the things they would like to do to them ," he said .                                   
" I think she ' s a smart lady and I think she has a lot of experience and she could really do a lot of great things for us ," she said .                             
Most of the migrants leaving Germany appear to be from Afghanistan and North Africa rather than from Syria , who are normally accepted for asylum .                                             
The United Nations says 29 million people in southern Africa do not have a reliable food supply and 10 million in east Africa will need food aid this year .                                     
In the second half he came out throwing , and running back James White turned a short pass into a 68 - yard gain to set up New England ' s touchdown .                               
But they will not do any non - urgent work - this will either be cancelled or picked up by colleagues .                                                     
It ' s the second - year of losses for oil , which over the period , has seen a 63 % decline , and the first back - to - back down years since 1998 .                       
The case could lead to further claims if other vulnerable asylum seekers can prove they have links to the UK .                                                       
Saudi Arabia and Iran are both heavily involved in the major conflicts in Syria and Yemen , with Iranian troops openly fighting on the side of Syrian president Bashar al - Assad .                               
I knew my mum and Sarah were going to try to visit on Wednesday morning , a reception visit allowed during the first few days .                                             
He ' s also a big advocate for political and social justice issues , and isn ' t afraid to speak his mind .                                                 
" For the life of me I don ' t understand why the Republicans don ' t invest as much in organization as the Democrats do ," Brad Anderson , who ran Iowa for President Obama in 2012 , told Fox News .           
I want us to be able , when we walk out this door , to say we couldn ' t think of anything else that we didn ' t try to do .                               
According to the dominant economic narrative of recent times , 2016 was the year when the world economy would recover fully from the 2008 crash .                                             
2016 is supposed to be the year when millions of people can begin to use virtual technology in their own home .                                                     
In San Francisco , where " Hamilton " begins its national tour in March 2017 , individual tickets will go on sale later .                                                 
The BBC ' s Today programme is set to make its TV debut with an increased focus on online videos .                                                       
She and her partner just moved to Brooklyn from California , he said , but were back on the West Coast when the storm hit .                                             
" I ' m at a point in my life with my son , with my new marriage , it ' s a new me ," she told People .                                     
A 12 - Year - Old trips and puts his hand through a million - dollar painting at an art exhibition in Taiwan .                                                 
After the story was picked up by independent and social media in Central Asia and Russia , the government sent a special commission to the city .                                           
" When I came back there was a lot of amazing jobs going but I wasn ' t getting any interviews ," she says .                                               
I obviously got a bit lucky on that but you just try to focus on your side of the court .                                                       
The most common follow - up question when I tell people what I do for a living is : " Great !                                                       
There have long been restrictions on Bloomberg News reporters on how they cover the 73 - year - old former mayor of New York City , who owns the company , the report said .                           
The endorsement comes at a critical moment for Sanders , as he looks to cut into Clinton ' s strong support from among black voters in South Carolina .                                       
They later said Palmer had not broken the southern African country ' s hunting laws , but his guide faces charges of allowing an illegal hunt .                                           
I Google his name regularly in the hope , one day , that it will come up that he is behind bars .                                                   
He noted that even as he spoke , he knew counter - arguments were being prepared -- that what was needed was more guns , or fewer restrictions .                                       
The former army lawyer spoke out after The Independent revealed last week that British soldiers who served in Iraq could face prosecution for crimes such as murder .                                         
But she also said she was worried he didn ' t fully understand how hard it would be to deliver on his promises of dramatic change .                                           
' There is great community spirit , everyone is talking to each other and it ' s been very good actually .                                                     
The unexpected move prompted his closest rival , Senator Ted Cruz , to challenge him to a one - on - one debate .                                                 
The Arts Council do an amazing job , but it ' s the small stuff that really makes a difference to what people do and where they live .                                       
But when it comes to the things that matter , such as the values and principles that make up a person ' s character , we ' re really similar .                                   
I want to give everything and finish on a high , on 100 per cent good terms with the club .                                                       
That ' s an ambitious benchmark that will be difficult to achieve , and it ' s more likely that California will be about average for the year , officials say .                                 
What ' s not : To those not part of the drone world , it can be a bit of a mystery .                                                   
May 24 , 2014 -- Three people are killed and another seriously injured in a shooting at the Jewish Museum in Brussels , Belgium .                                               
" What it means is that some of our most valuable broadcast assets are available for the second half of the season and potentially finals ," Cooper said .                                       
But what ultimately matters most to her is a candidate ' s integrity : " I look at the person and see if they ' re honest .                                           
However , football is not the only passion in her partner ' s life that she has to compete against .                                                       
" I don ' t think there ' s a movie that I ' ve been on that I wasn ' t sure I could direct it better ," he once said .                               
At the time I was considering the offer , I was looking at what opportunities the university provided , the local area , the accommodation , and the course itself .                                   
Police in Australia have repeatedly stated that , regardless of a vehicle ' s technology , the driver must maintain control at all times .                                               
But at the Australian Open , Murray ' s record now is 0 - 5 in finals , losing four times to Djokovic .                                                 
You know , felt like I was hitting the ball well , doing the right things to get in that position , then let up .                                             
The strong traffic figures should boost the airport operator ' s full - year results , due for release next month .                                                     
China ' s 2007 anti - satellite test , and a similar trial in early 2013 , proved that Beijing can hit a low satellite with a rocket .                                       
I felt like I got comfortable in the previous years and I needed someone who I really respected to tell me that .                                                   
I think a lot of people don ' t realise quite how much time you spend in a band just waiting around .                                                   
I believe it can happen and it will happen if we work together to take stronger steps against the sources of hate and violence which target us both .                                       
So , I understand that phase in your life where you ' re trying to do the thing you want to do , and not have to work too many hours at the thing you hate .                       
David had always had my permission to have sex with people to the left of me and to the right of me - but not in front of me .                                     
The man using the name had taken ' significant effort ' to avoid having his name recorded by the government departments , agencies or businesses , police said in a statement .                                 
Whether I ' ll go on to have the best year of my career I have no idea , but I ' m going to try to .                                         
I needed to know now , like I have done every January , and sometimes it takes a couple of months to get done .                                               
" I think Charlie Brown ' s got a better tree than we do ," one person said of the city ' s tree .                                               
We are also proud of our extensive research work - represented by the research figures - and how this highly targeted strategy ultimately proved successful in delivering a Conservative government .                                   
The figures , which will come as no surprise to the flood - affected regions in the North - East of England and Scotland , were released as a series of weather warnings were issued for the two regions .                 
By 2006 , he had taken on the campaign and it now has more than 5 , 000 paying members as well as about 35 , 000 online supporters .                                     
Service : The employees are warm at first , but you ' re pretty much left to your own devices the rest of the meal .                                             
Researchers say the racial identity tool could help minorities , for example by allowing the NHS to improve support to particular groups .                                                   
He said : " Because we ' ve been growing so rapidly , the biggest problem we have now is lack of space .                                                   
For me it ' s important not just to build this season but next year , the next year , the year after that .                                               
But experts say it ' s only a matter of time before we see more cases occur in the United States .                                                     
Most small children , like most people , including me , need some time when you can just be you and you ' re not having to get on and be with other people .                           
I have already played quite a few of those , and I have a lot of experience playing Davis Cup matches or tough matches like that .                                           
" We will monitor the situation across the country to ensure these plans are in place , and are ready to respond to any significant increases in pressure in any region over the course of this dispute ," she said .               
But then sometimes it ' s important that I force myself to stop , because what am I running from ?                                                       
" So when they ' re gone , no one has any information on them to show that they ' re gone , except birds are showing us they ' re gone ," he said .                         
After initially claiming there was little they could do about falling prices and EU restrictions , ministers have pledged to reduce energy costs and to encourage the purchase of UK steel for big projects .                           
The 35 - year - old added that he was already struggling to raise his three children because of cuts in benefits .                                                   
He said the people inside the bar were mainly young and had been drinking beer to celebrate a friend ' s birthday .                                                   
Miller ' s season that year began with a six - game drug suspension and ended in December when he got hurt .                                                   
But in October , a federal judge in Oregon ruled their terms were too short under U . S . law and ordered them back to prison for about four years each .                               
' She began to spend the night at the flat telling her parents she was going to stay at a friend ' s .                                                 
He returned , married , and was called to the bar , but did not enjoy following his father ' s path and turned to writing .                                           
Your odds increase with additional tickets , but it ' s important to keep in mind how small they are to begin with .                                                 
" While we hope to never make use of that practice , it ' s helping us today ," he said .                                                     
" So I think what we will want to see from these companies is for them to match their fine words with action on the ground ," he said .                                     
We ' re going in with the least amount of numbers , with nine , but we have some other options and it ' s a very , very strong group this year .                             
President Barack Obama will announce new gun control measures starting with background checks tomorrow morning in remarks at the White House .                                                     
A £ 10 , 000 reward has been offered in connection with the suspected murder of a 21 year old stabbed in the neck .                                               
My daughters haven ' t seen this piece yet , and that will be the biggest thing , because they always see my work .                                               
The grandfather of the young British boy featured in an Isis propaganda video threatening the UK has said the child pleaded for him to take him home .                                         
Such records would show particular services that are connected to and this could be a particular website visited although not the pages within them .                                               
The work , which took four years to complete , was started in 2012 and compared patients with HIV in Africa with those in Europe .                                             
The Broncos led by only four points after three quarters but pulled away with a 17 - 0 run in the fourth .                                                   
The list also includes Bill Clinton and Chelsea Clinton , who have dramatically increased their roles in Clinton ' s campaign in the last month .                                             
He said that those who came into the country would have to suffer consequences , even though many would be allowed to stay in the United States and eventually become citizens .                                 
Your music let me believe there was something magic out there , I only needed to hold on a few more years to experience it .                                             
This means anyone who spots homeless people out in the cold should call the police , who will take them to a shelter .                                                 
' She is going to fight , fight , fight , and she is going to fight to the end ,' a friend told the publication , adding : ' She is not happy .                             
I want to come back as a Chelsea supporter in years to come with my kids and see the team doing really well .                                                 
And I still dream of being able to run but I can barely walk , so it ' s a dream I ' m not going to realise again .                                     
" You have more people employed , but they aren ' t employed in full - time jobs ," he said .                                                     
Facebook Sports Stadium currently covers only American football games and comes ahead of next month ' s Super Bowl , on 7 February .                                                 
More than 60 of Australian soccer ' s top female players will gather for the first mass union meeting of W - League players .                                               
A design team will be appointed within six months , with construction work expected to begin in the second half of 2017 .                                                   
But finally I feel that we are on the same page , working really in same direction and with the same thoughts .                                                   
Don ' t get me wrong -- there is a time and a place to send our soldiers in harm ' s way .                                                 
He was recently reported to be a target for Arsenal and has rejected the offer of a new contract from his present club .                                                 
A Paris police official said police were investigating the incident at the Paris police station Thursday as " more likely terrorism " than a standard criminal act .                                         
" Today , before I stepped out on court it was a difficult day back home ," the 25 - year - old Canadian told the crowd .                                         
The White House last month insisted Obama would give his final State of the Union address in a " non - traditional " way .                                               
My understanding was that I was going to a club which always looked after their managers , even when they were in trouble and it wasn ' t going well , you got your time to sort things out .                 
The crimes were committed by a group of people who from appearance were largely from the north African or Arab world .                                                     
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has attracted deep criticism , even from her own party , for her moral leadership and open - door policy to refugees .                                           
The person arrested with him and charged with the same offences received a 10 - year prison sentence , despite having prior arrests related to drug trafficking .                                         
And if you ' ve read it and loved it , then - whatever you do - don ' t keep your feelings to yourself .                                             
They are being questioned by police on suspicion of possession of and possession with intent to supply cocaine , as well as conspiracy to supply and being concerned in the production of cocaine .                             
United have taken 37 points from their first 23 games of the campaign - a figure which amounts to their lowest total in the Premier League era .                                         
Wales were knocked out of the World Cup by two - time champions South Africa in the quarter - final despite leading with 10 minutes remaining .                                           
Both those candidates are funding advertising through their campaigns - a strategy that , because of rules on political advertising , gives them more ads for their money .                                       
I knew thought that as soon as I came back to the UFC I was going to drop down and make a run at it ... it just happened to be one hell of a run .                       
The pair admitted they were free to claim asylum in Spain but decided against it as they did not speak Spanish .                                                     
Workers who are already earn more than $ 10 per hour will receive an annual pay increase in February rather than waiting until the anniversary date .                                           
In fact , he has already landed some 50 to 85 billion are the estimates in deals with those countries , with our allies .                                               
By this , he meant that a member of the talent could be so influential in the BBC or so important to the success of a programme that he or she could get away with conduct that flew in the face of the values of the BBC . 
Although there are some beautiful parts of England there ' s no doubt that the access I had to wildlife and to these different areas of South Africa was amazing .                                   
Or are things so far down the line that City are now putting in place deals for players to suit their manager - in - waiting ?                                           
Our sports society is built around stars , and stars draw people to the game , those are the players they want to watch .                                               
If what we are putting in front of voters is relevant to them and of interest , it is a natural part of the process .                                             
Obama ' s State of the Union address is on January 12 , 2016 , and will begin at 9 p . m .                                                 
The price hike will affect customers whose contracts had finished with the firm and were afterwards moved to a rolling one - month agreement .                                               
But I feel like I ' m hitting the ball well enough to go out there and give him a good run ," he added .                                             
But is the drama ' s huge popularity in America connected to the absence of black characters in its period English setting ?                                                   
There were then a number of shots fired and the circumstances and the exact detail will now form part of that critical incident investigation .                                               
Even when building got under way in 1995 , British bombs used in World War Two were found on the sea bed and had to be removed .                                         
You have to learn how to develop as a player and Danny has done that over the past two or three years which is why he wants to stay around here for the next couple of years .                     
The genetic fault is extremely rare , there are only two other known cases in the UK , and so condition has yet to be given a name .                                       
A third of those who saw their savings decline in the last year cited ' unexpected expenses ' as a key reason .                                                   
City have shown that when a club is prepared to take the women ' s game seriously , invest properly in players , infrastructure and talent , then much can be achieved in a short time .                       
The reports came as the number of Central Americans seeking to enter the United States through the border rose again after having remained low for the better part of a year .                                 
The temperature dropped to 30 degrees at 8 . 30pm , hit 24 degrees at 10 . 30pm and stayed in the low 20s overnight .                                             
" He just seemed like a man who kept himself to himself , never really much left the house ," she said .                                                   
In his weekly address , Mr . Obama said he ' s planning a series of executive actions , which would not require approval from Congress .                                           
I think they look really nice when they don ' t touch the ground - ending maybe six inches to a foot above , but that ' s really a personal opinion .                               
The chance to be based in the capital may also prove a draw , with Arsenal also in a very healthy financial situation .                                                 
If they plan to buy a home within a few years , it ' s highly unlikely that your gift would generate enough earnings to cause concern .                                         
' When I asked the Met officer why they hadn ' t done this work themselves he told me they didn ' t have the powers , it had to be local police , there was too much red tape .               
A spokesman said the ruling opened the way for a rival to produce a similar - shaped four - finger chocolate bar .                                                   
I want her to feel the pain and I want to look her in the eyes and I want to say , on behalf of all Americans that you ' ve killed .                               
I don ' t think they go as far as was promised during the referendum campaign but there are powers I would rather have than not have .                                         
But five or six shows in , I ' m dying to get off the road and go back into the studio .                                                   
At the most basic level - the one which all of us who follow the game fell in love with it - soccer is just about playing .                                         
Putin said it was too early to say whether Russia would have to give shelter to Assad as part of a transition to a new government in Syria under the road map to a peace deal approved by most parties in the conflict last year .     
And let me just finish by saying , you want to know why things never change depending on whether Democrats or Republicans are in power , and why Republicans in Iowa and the rest of the country are so frustrated ?               
But Cox never claimed it was the most efficient way to get home , only cheaper and more fun - for him , an 18 - year - old who had always wanted to visit Berlin - than the alternative .               
The Home Office confirmed it was not involved with the camp ' s construction , as it is being funded by the French government .                                               
I ' d been to New York on many occasions , I had plenty of time on my hands and I wanted to do some shopping for my son .                                     
He said : " There is a growing sense that companies that are so big and so dominant ... really are above the law .                                                 
Sometimes things happen in life which make you realise just how short it is - and that ' s when people who you think will be around forever suddenly aren ' t .                               
The crowd called for Chinese authorities to release the five men they say have been illegally detained over the border .                                                       
Yes , there were people in the world who didn ' t own any shoes , but that somehow didn ' t make the situation any better .                                         
We ' re sitting there thinking to ourselves , if that ' s a top - 10 team in the country , well then what are we ?                                         
Three weeks pre - resolution , I was interviewed by the BBC for about 40 minutes on the subject of women in the Labour party .                                             
It ' s also been going around that the company will be producing two versions of its Galaxy model this year .                                                     
They have put their differences aside , at least temporarily , and have given the government until Thursday to come up with a schedule for elections .                                           
" What is quite interesting is that now public opinion does not think that that is the answer , and indeed it is not the answer ," he says .                                     
There is work ahead to ensure all members of his government truly understand , embrace and stick to the high standards he has set for them .                                           
Most of us who have tried it probably feel that learning a new language is difficult , even if that new language is similar to our own .                                         
I want people to sit in a room where they cannot leave , they cannot switch it off , they cannot get up and make a cup of tea .                                     
" The most difficult moves are when the horses are tired , which is rare , and also when the horses are excited ," he explains .                                           
I would get calls every eight or 10 days , asking my head size and my neck size , and all these strange questions .                                               
He said he had taken the man into his own house , but it was too late to help him .                                                       
Birmingham remain hopeful that Gray may return to St Andrew ' s on loan for the remaining months of the season should a permanent deal be completed .                                         
I would encourage anyone who has suffered at the hand of another to report the matter to the police in the knowledge that they will be believed and supported .                                     
As many as one in four users of private health insurance have had a claim refused , a shocking new survey finds .                                                   
And that ' s the strange thing - because everyone knows who you are but you don ' t know who they are .                                                 
Donald Trump ' s wife has said little in the campaign about the type of first lady she ' d like to be should her husband win the Republican nomination and the presidency .                             
This is why this is the first announcement I have made in 2016 of a series of steps to build more homes .                                                   
I have to tell the single women who have left everything to try and make themselves safe that the government doesn ' t consider housing them to be a priority .                                   
Those coming from other countries , though , will face new policies such as a two - year ban on those granted limited refugee protection from bringing their families to Germany .                                 
It didn ' t matter how small or large the act was , it was the fact someone took the time to help another person .                                             
I can only imagine how it feels to bring these babies into the world and provide all aspects of care for them .                                                   
Christie fired off a series of tweets Friday afternoon saying he was putting being governor first but promising to return to New Hampshire to campaign soon .                                           
The family of Ms Blake have said they " want answers " about why it took police nearly three weeks to find what are feared to be the bodies of her and her two sons .                         
Here our readers tell us about what it felt like to be diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and their experiences of living with the condition .                                             
G . These guidelines are a living document and will be subject to review in light of any scientific or medical developments .                                                   
If you provide more than half of the cost of support for a child , a parent or any other family member , you probably qualify as a head of household .                                 
" The NFL has done an outstanding job of creating this event that was worldwide , which is pretty amazing ," he said .                                                 
The money will see the repair and re - use of up to 30 buildings within the city ' s conservation area .                                                   
I am not willing to accept two states within Israel , a state of law for most of its citizens and a state within a state for some of its citizens .                                 
There ' s a chance of rain later in the evening , but the game should be over by then and one of these teams will be on their way to the Super Bowl .                           
If you encourage peaceful change , then over time the type of change you would like to see becomes more likely .                                                     
It does hurt him deep down and this was his chance to come back and prove people wrong , to show what a good player he is and how well he ' s been playing all year .                     
Miami and the Los Angeles Lakers were the only teams to have home games on both Christmas and New Year ' s Day this season .                                             
Just look , for example , at how the free flow of data helps health care experts track and contain the spread of deadly diseases across the globe .                                       
In the end , they were aggressive and really wanting to get a good result , and we didn ' t have that enough .                                               
As well as promoting the book I have - since last April - appeared on TV and radio and in newspapers like this one talking about my illness .                                       
Seven out of 10 full - time women workers often or always feel " rushed and pressed for time " and 41 per cent of mothers with full - time jobs said they would prefer to work part - time - the largest proportion since 2007 .   
" We ' re working hard to earn the votes of every man and woman here in Iowa ," he said .                                                     
Two adults and three children who escaped from the flat above into a garden then had to rescued by fire fighters as their exit was blocked by the fire .                                     
Despite his low public profile in the UK in the past decade , his success in both music and fashion were marked in recent times .                                             
And it opens it up for the rest of our family to be tested and for everyone else out there that might be facing a similar situation .                                         
The last three years I have maintained the physical form , but this level is not enough to go into battle .                                                     
If a person is facing life in jail , if we throw away the key , would that not make people think twice ?                                                 
It ' s only been a few days since UN sanctions against Iran were lifted but some firms have already announced plans to invest in the Iranian market .                                       
I was worried I would lose my sight , at the time I couldn ' t tell I could just see blood coming out of my eye .                                         
I ' ll put it in this example , it ' s like falling in love with someone , it doesn ' t matter if the other person is falling in love with you , at least for a while , it ' s your joy .   
We ' re not interested in increasing personal income tax at all ; that isn ' t what we ' re about as a party .                                             
O ' Barry was arrested near the town last September for allegedly failing to carry his passport , but was released the following day .                                               
' That New Year ' s Eve , on my 21st , felt like the end of the world , but actually it was the best thing that could have happened .                                 
I mean , I ask the question because there ' s a lot of people out there who don ' t trust you , obviously , on the issue of guns .                                 
We ' ve just got to make sure we defend the way we ' ve defended all year , no matter who the opponent is .                                             
" I think playing someone 17 times is pretty cool , especially someone as great as him ," Brady said Wednesday .                                                     
And a win tonight could mean they have a good chance of winning the Academy Award for their performances next month .                                                     
At her inquest it also emerged that she had been suffering from depression but no mention was made of the impact on her of the charities who contacted her .                                     
Because ultimately , all the while he is under my roof , and I am preparing his meals , he will eat what is put in front of him .                                     
" There ' s been a lot of social media discussion about what you all are doing out here ," the reporter said .                                                 
I think what it has done is created a new space , a new opportunity for women to say , well , not only am I a cook for my family but I can do something extra .                     
Muslims are never going to feel like a part of the American family until people start to make fun of them on TV .                                                 
Instead , it feels as if he wants to say something but isn ' t exactly sure what - and we ' re both here to work that out .                                     
This is a minimum of one out of two , and we ' re not just talking about their whole life .                                                     
Parker scored 14 points with 12 rebounds , to keep up with Arizona ' s Ryan Anderson , who had 15 and 15 .                                                 
So it ' s really important and it ' s really nice for the confidence as well to know in that race environment with some really good teams there that I was still able to pull off the victory .                 
Some of the cover art on the scores is really interesting and you can immediately see changing things throughout Australia ' s history , the look of a particular decade and some of the covers .                         
More important , all of them offer something we hadn ' t seen before , or at least in a very long time .                                                 
They were supposed to take place this week , but have been pushed back to 20 or 23 January and could take place in Geneva .                                             
I feel completely just loose in a way to try out and to experiment and I have to be -- I mean , I ' m really grateful , we all are in the show , they let us do whatever it wants .         
Twitter has been telling us about what ' s going on in the world for about a decade , but now it will start showing us .                                           
However , a spending bill passed before the holidays funds government agencies through September 2016 means there ' s not much in the near term the GOP - led Congress could do to block funds to specific programs until the next fiscal year .         
A Kim Little double in the first half , one from open play , one from the penalty spot , put the game beyond the visitors ' reach just after the half - hour mark .                         
We believe the changes being considered will make it harder for middle - class workers to save enough for a decent retirement .                                                   
Moscow ' s Red Square , a traditional gathering place to ring in the new year , was closed Thursday .                                                       
" Any time anybody says anything bad about me , that means I ' ve got to work ," he said .                                                     
The BBC will also launch a new highlights programme on Sunday called " Six Nations Rugby Special " which will contain action from all three matches each weekend .                                       
The vast majority of refugees have settled in big cities , and that is where the issue has been most explosive .                                                     
Almost all of the money was placed on the Spanish team to lose and they did 6 - 0 6 - 3 .                                                   
It ' s also a practice that that the UK and US have spoken out repeatedly against in the last decade .                                                     
In the ( warm weather ) situation we have this winter , it ' s important to find compromise solutions .                                                       
The Ohio senator and Kasich have known each other for more than 20 years , having served in Congress together .                                                       
A Chinese man has demonstrated the greatest love a parent could give by looking after his bed - bound son for as long as 46 years .                                           
It may be that no one can be fully prepared for what comes after their work life let alone their actual life .                                                   
" I ' m on a mission because all these years I ' ve missed it and it was sitting right in front of me ," Thompson said .                                       
The violence outside the city ' s main railway station has sparked a debate about Germany ' s open - door policy on migrants .                                               
The mayor of a city south of Mexico ' s capital was shot to death on Saturday , less than a day after taking office , officials said .                                       
As a police officer attempted to make an arrest he was assaulted by one of the offenders , police said .                                                       
I had to leave home because they didn ' t have that initiative in place while I was still there .                                                       
But police found the reports between 2008 and 2015 had largely come from third parties , rather than people who were abused themselves .                                                 
Year - on - year rental growth in the ACT was 1 . 9 per cent , the same as Sydney ' s year - on - year growth .                                     
You look at the make - up of your team , you ' re looking where your goals are coming from , you don ' t want to be losing goals from your team .                           
It is far from clear whether the measure will pass and opponents of the legislation are expected to stage a large " family day " protest against the measure in Rome on Saturday .                             
We ' re located a little bit off the beaten track so if we can attract those people to us , then great ," he said .                                           
" We don ' t get to see our friends that often over here , since we ' re too far away ," he said .                                             
Those of us who are old enough to remember can probably tell you exactly where we were and what we were doing that morning , Jan .                                           
More people are being diagnosed with cancer in Wales but survival rates are at an all - time high , a report has said .                                               
The two countries are far apart on the Assad question when it comes to the Syrian conflict - in some ways even more apart that the US and Iran .                                     
My problem was cocaine , and then I went from cocaine to alcohol , which is a natural course of events .                                                     
The 22 - year - old is confident of turning that record around , but says the team also has other areas they need to focus on .                                         
As a refugee fleeing from a place of terrible violence , she has no choice but to be taken in by these men .                                                 
They were driving in a car together from the South Melbourne Hotel early in the morning when they got into a fight and the gun went off .                                         
As we started our conversation he talked about engineering and infrastructure , the vital things that make it possible for us to live today .                                               
While most Clinton aides didn ' t expect the race would be this close , the same aides say they feel like a win is in sight .                                         
Tim Cook , CEO of the world ' s most valuable publicly traded company , said the dollar is having an " extreme " effect on its sales in almost every country .                               
You can ' t help but wonder , though - is her extraordinary pregnancy announcement really the way to achieve that ?                                                     
The UN has already issued four rounds of sanctions against North Korea , designed to halt its nuclear development regime .                                                       
That ' s left companies to decide how much they will or won ' t invest in keeping their gas fields safe and modern .                                               
If you have an away game and you ' re in a hotel on a Friday night then you can ' t do it .                                               
The officer , who has served in Cleveland for 20 years , claims he was targeted after supporting ethnic minority officers .                                                     
If you apply this line of thinking to these games , the idea is that practice will make the brain stronger ," he said .                                               
The captain told the six of us where to sit , based on our weight and height , so we would balance out the boat .                                             
It ' s in the service of doing something that we would be doing anyway , which is sitting around and talking about these shows , so why not have this be our job ?                           
" There is some fear here because we don ' t know if someone will do it again ," she said .                                                     
Over the coming days I will keep you updated as I can daily of my movements , and when I gather my thoughts I will post a final message .                                     
I do think it ' s a shame that a lot of people didn ' t get a chance to see him during the course of the year .                                       
The city has also been at the heart of investigations into November ' s attacks in Paris in which 130 people were killed .                                                 
Clinton , who has lost much of her lead to Sanders in Iowa and national polls , has also recently tried to put Sanders on defense when it comes to healthcare .                                 
When I started out as a journalist it was still not possible in law for a man to rape his wife .                                                     
Beijing ' s shopping and bar areas are under a holiday security alert that started before Christmas and has resulted in armed police standing guard at popular commercial areas .                                     
This same could not be said of the opposition , which looks so divided as to give the government a free pass .                                                   
After seven years in office , 52 percent of Americans say President Obama ' s performance in office has been about what they expected , but 31 percent feel his performance has been worse .                           
The figures don ' t even count the Australian stadium leg - tomorrow ' s show in Brisbane is the last date of the band ' s entire world tour .                                   
" The fact that I was able to handle everything that has happened the last few days is a good sign ," he said .                                               
The global fatal accident rate for all types of airline operations in 2015 was one per 5 million flights , the best year ever .                                               
Research carried out by the Alzheimer ' s Society in Britain also found 64 per cent of people with dementia felt isolated from friends and family following diagnosis .                                       
Miami ( 16 - 3 , 5 - 2 Atlantic Coast Conference ) beat a ranked team for the third time this season .                                                 
The risks are high : assets with little history are hard to model and vulnerable to sudden changes in regulation or government intervention .                                                 
The street we ' re living on the kids are playing out in the street now and having a great time .                                                     
It ' s about working through things in one ' s own life in order to be of better service out in the world .                                               
I said that I am monitoring this on a regular basis and I will make the decision that is the appropriate decision I have to make when I have to make it ," Christie told reporters earlier Friday .                   
We felt as if we were living and working simply to pay the mortgage , grow a pension pot and keep on top of 21st - century life .                                       
It was one of the rare moments in Iowa where politicians were not recognized nor were they allowed to speak .                                                       
After this there was a period of quiet and then I raised my head and I heard my dog ... coming back very slowly .                                               
' The way she was carrying on , there ' s nothing you can do about it ,' he said .                                                       
It estimates that the new space gold rush could need several billion dollars over the next 10 - 15 years .                                                       
" It ' s going to be very tough , I think playing over there in their conditions will be the highlight of our summer ," he said .                                       
And it was up to me to put it in how I saw fit , and I ' d always done that before .                                                 
" Now we are in a situation where we are going to be able to help more people and clear lists but , come six months , we will be back to square one ," he said .                     
That ' s where we ' re focusing our resources and I ' m delighted to say that is what is driving these impressive results .                                             
It will ensure that real citizen engagement happens , as people get involved both in design and execution of city development plans .                                                   
A break in the rain may come by Friday , but another system is again expected to hit Los Angeles on Saturday night into Sunday .                                             
At the same time , Twitter plans to bring in two new board members as soon as this week , according to people familiar with the matter .                                         
With both South Africa and Pakistan both coming out for three - Test series next summer there ' s plenty to go around .                                                 
I ' ve also worked with communities who have dealt with these issues over the years that I ' ve been involved in law enforcement ," she said .                                       
It was the first time I fell in love with acting , the first time I lost myself in a role ... it definitely set the tone for me at a young age .                             
There was an increase in sales in Europe of almost six percent and just over that number in the company ' s Middle East and Africa region .                                         
So we start earlier and stay up later , hoping that throwing more time into our work will enable us to get it all done .                                             
The past , present and the future of the Raiders will play together for the first time at next weekend ' s pre - season tournament in New Zealand .                                     
John Kerry is said to be most worried about Greece and Italy , where thousands of migrants arrive by boat every month .                                                   
But we have played it live now , about 22 times in the U . K . and Japan , and now we ' re bringing our show to New York and the East Coast .                         
" While many go back to where their roots are , I do understand the struggle of those who stay because they have family in the UK but live far away ," she added .                           
More than 400 patients have been sent abroad since 2008 - most of these children - at an average cost of £ 100 , 000 per patient .                                         
During Tuesday ' s analyst call , Cook said virtual - reality technology has cool applications , but he did not offer any specific plans .                                             
People who use phone banking or bank in branch can request a list - or simply check back through old statements .                                                     
This idea is not different in kind to the way most authors write , it ' s just different in degree .                                                     
If everyone was a healthy weight in the UK around 24 , 000 cancer cases could be prevented each year .                                                       
Murphy is nervous but says she can ' t wait to see her baby , and doesn ' t have a name yet .                                                 
She went on to say that the picture might have given people the wrong impression of what goes on in the club .                                                   
Murray said he now expected to be in better shape to cope with whatever challenges lie ahead of him this week .                                                     
Steven feels at this moment in his career that he needs to be playing games and that ' s respected from my point of view .                                             
On the recording , we hear from both the 14 - year - old boy who was shot and the man who shot him , who now faces life in prison .                                 
" There ' s something about being in a room full of people who have been through the same things ," she said .                                                 
' I saw it , I approved it , it ' s my problem ,' he told MPs , adding that he had a family home in the Caribbean , and worked from there .                           
" There was a sign saying ' don ' t park here unless you ' re a customer ', that ' s fair enough during the day , the business had been closed for two hours ," he said .                 
An inquest starting this week is expected to hear fresh details of the intelligence - gathering operation following a long legal struggle by the family of Mr Khan to secure documents from the Metropolitan Police to determine what went wrong .               
I feel like people aren ' t going to believe me - but on stage I don ' t have that worry .                                                   
" With very few resources , she offers love and the chance of a meal and early education for children who would otherwise not get any ," she says .                                     
In fact our research has shown that about 24 , 000 cancer cases in the UK could be avoided if everyone was a healthy weight .                                             
In fact more shadow ministers resigned after the shake - up had been completed than were got rid of by the leader himself .                                                 
The agency ordered them to ensure the safe operation of Flint ' s drinking water system and the protection of public health .                                                   
If I work away for 5 months ( which has been the case recently ) I will take 2 months off to be with family and friends .                                         
Of the 57 calls , police attended 38 incidents , mainly because of concern for people ' s safety or to address suspicious activity .                                               
A fight involving other inmates may have been staged to delay the usual 8 p . m . head count and the escape wasn ' t noticed until 9 p . m ., authorities said .                         
Another said the couple drove themselves to a nearby village to seek for help in a second car they owned after their other car was stolen .                                           
It took a while for the French to realise that just because I ' m calling a guy John , this wasn ' t a meeting they could ignore .                                     
A spokesman for the Civil Guard later confirmed that it had been a false alarm and nothing dangerous had been found .                                                     
A deadline hasn ' t yet been set for that to happen , but it will likely be in the next few years .                                                 
He said the Dodgers expect to sell more than three million tickets before opening day and to reach their cap of 35 , 000 season tickets .                                           
Bowie held onto the Elizabeth Bay apartment for nearly a decade before selling it in 1992 for $ 1 , 250 , 000 .                                                 
That ' s a big statement , which has no reason to be true - but it is , in this case .                                                   
And he means it - he wants to take you down so you have nothing , not even a way of making a living .                                               
" It puts us in a good position and probably makes up for a couple of losses we shouldn ' t have had ," Anderson said .                                           
It ' s going to be exactly the same when that starts so we should start preparing for it now .                                                       
Many said climate change almost never comes up in conversations , and that people here worry more about terrorism and the local economy .                                                 
The government is focused on getting the balance right between ensuring strong competition and high - quality , straight - talking health cover .                                                 
It ' s all part of a five - week police operation targeting people breaking into cars , houses and businesses .                                                     
It will be very clear that the orders came from the Kremlin , that it was ordered by the government ," the source said .                                               
The market is set to grow 7 % in the Middle East and Africa , and 11 % in Asia Pacific by 2019 .                                                 
The storm has been called the biggest on record for several cities in Pennsylvania , Maryland and New York , with at least six states receiving more than two feet of snow and 14 states more than one foot .                 
Parker said his client did not make an agreement of cooperation with the U . S . government and the sentence he could receive is still unknown .                                         
" He goes to bed early , around 7 . 30pm , so we ' re worried that he turned off his hearing aid and went to sleep and then the houses went up so quickly ," she said .                 
We ' ll just see what sort of forward lines we have to come up against and then make our decisions on how we structure up from there .                                       
" I have a funny feeling he won ' t stick to it , but I do love the idea , you know , if you enjoy hunting , which he does ," she said .                         
I mean , we ' re all going to the same place , probably one of two places , you know ?                                                     
His 14 - foot pull - up from the right side broke a 90 - 90 tie with 2 . 1 seconds left .                                                 
He spoke as his boss Prime Minister David Cameron was in Brussels , where the European Commission is considering whether to investigate a controversial agreement reached between the internet company and the UK tax authorities .                         
" We ' re getting more and more information but at the moment it does seem that he was working up on the roof on his own ," she said .                                   
It argued that nearly a million new jobs had been created in cities since 2010 - but that the average salary had also dropped by £ 1 , 300 per resident .                                 
She said many people in Australia are working towards better models and some of the most advanced research in this area is being done in Australia .                                           
As usual , I will also be covering breaking political news as it happens , as well as bringing you the best reaction , comment and analysis from the web .                                   
The key thing now is that we put ourselves back together and we start to turn our fire on this government .                                                     
It should be a time of some sort of sense of security and stability in their lives , that they ' ve managed to get protection .                                           
The choices you make in this critical decade lay the foundation for your career , relationships , health , and well - being .                                                 
Long before he became the successful interim head coach of the Golden State Warriors , he was a reserve Lakers forward .                                                     
" We cannot control the weather , but we can all be prepared for whatever the weather brings us ," he told reporters Thursday .                                               
The source says carefully : " They get on really well , and Tom is regarded as one of the family .                                                       
" The single most important thing that could happen from here on out for the Obama legacy is the election of Hillary Clinton ," he said .                                           
The panel said Miss Young ' s misconduct represented a " significant and serious departure " from the standards expected of her as a registered nurse .                                           
If he was going to play in the last two [ Six Nations games ] and he is out for a couple of weeks , that may put him back , but I don ' t know .                     
The relationship between an older player who has been at the club all his career , it ' s whether the club are going to compromise or the player will compromise .                                 
Don ' t choose numbers all in a row like one to six , don ' t choose last week ' s winning numbers .                                               
But when he arrived at the visitors ' centre at the start of December he was told he would have to make his own way to the prison entrance .                                     
" If it should happen , I hope I ' m around long enough to make sure it happens right ," she said .                                                 
The furniture is now probably destroyed and all that is really , really hard to take , particularly as this is our first house together a year and a half later so it ' s really pretty painful for us both to go through just now .   
He said decisions by him and the courts supported the " safe space " for officials to make decisions without fear of documents being made public .                                           
I just want to be normal , get a job , go to work and at the end of the day be able to say , right , I ' m going home .                             
And I don ' t think voters really care about the fact -- yes , she ' s going to fire up her base , as you said , exactly right .                                 
Now this shows you can get a 6 per cent or lower cap rate if you ' ve got the right asset .                                                   
After dinner the staff will help you make up your bed and are on hand for your every need during the night .                                                   
Children under ten who break the law regularly can sometimes be taken into care , or their parents could be held responsible .                                                   
I want this to be a country where if you work hard , you ' re putting the hours in , you should be able to own a flat or a house of your own .                         
But when they start , and I find myself thinking , ' Well , now , she shouldn ' t do that .                                                     
I was doing this before I had an Instagram following , and I ' d still do it if I didn ' t have a book offer .                                         
He returned to work on his father ' s maintenance crews - while his younger brother found success in Manhattan ' s real estate market .                                             
If Trump truly were concerned with keeping Americans safe , he would address the threat of both Islamic and right wing terrorists .                                                   
London is a big city so if there had been a problem , I ' m sure that the police would have been on us straight away .                                         
They used to say " it ' s Frank ' s world ; we just live in it " - but at that moment in time Australia declined to be part of Frank ' s world .                         
Even when workers thought they had secured a client , often they were not paid a bonus because the claim fell through .                                                   
I hope they will go some way to helping young women and mothers stop and think about the huge mistake they would be making if they travel .                                         
I ' m not suggesting that our jobs or our organisation are perfect - far from it - but I don ' t share my colleague ' s negative attitude .                                   
The next thing that is consistent is we defended mainly well in the past few games but conceded a lot of goals .                                                   
Iran ' s economy is far more diverse than those of other oil producers in the region , such as Saudi Arabia , its regional rival .                                           
The spokesman said on such a dangerous stretch of road the potential for disaster was high - and not just for Thompson .                                                   
And when she said that there was a third , her arm went over her head and I ' m saying , ' It will be OK .                                           
But he said the Conservative party has built record numbers of " affordable homes " and there are homes for part - buy , part - rent .                                         
The men served no more than a year until an appeals court judge ruled the terms fell short of minimum sentences that require them to serve about four more years .                                   
The committee ' s report said there needed to be " a national debate " on how new powers should be used .                                                   
But when we ignored our core vote , they found other places to put their X on the ballot paper .                                                       
By the time I realised what was going on he was walking really fast and had made it down the street .                                                     
The start of a new school year means playing by a new set of tech rules , unless you can work around them .                                                 
The warning comes three weeks after Spanish security officials said they had arrested more than 90 suspected Islamic extremists in 2015 .                                                     
We are still the same team that last year were the champions with Mourinho so I don ' t think it ' s a new change .                                           
The New York Times also reports that he has set a deadline for making a final decision in early March , when he could still enter the race in all 50 states .                               
Whether or not the next American president will agree is not yet clear , but the anger of the Obama era is playing out here too .                                           
That held true until the last day of the year , when the S & P 500 index slipped back into the red .                                                 
One million more migrants will arrive in Europe this year with increasing numbers of economic migrants coming from Asia and Africa , the United Nations warned yesterday .                                         
But friends say almost everything about Harry ' s conduct - possibly including his choice of women - shows he definitely is not ready for marriage .                                           
He added that the office had provided the Department of Justice with a business plan to deal with these four cases in November 2014 .                                               
But the website appeared to be struggling to cope with high demand in the hours leading up to the close of ticket sales , and then also went down after the result was revealed .                           
But probably there is something that keeps us behind , and I still can ' t understand what it is ," she said .                                                 
But the Royal Navy has not had a chief of the defence staff since 2003 , and would have felt it was their turn .                                               
In almost five years of war , more than 250 , 000 people have been killed and more than 10 million driven from their homes .                                             
The court was told that the delay was because of ongoing criminal proceedings which may or may not be linked to the murder .                                                 
A couple of months after his appointment last May , the former education secretary lifted restrictions on the number of books that prisoners could keep in their cells .                                       
He is aware it is not about waiting for the top guys to decline , but his own need to catch up .                                                   
More than 250 , 000 people have died and 11 million have fled their homes in almost five years of civil war in Syria .                                               
" There are many , many more services being provided and trains are now travelling across many more kilometres of track ," she said .                                               
You know , the semi - final is going to be interesting for both of us , facing somebody I never faced before .                                                 
Three of the seven Republican candidates on the main January 28 debate stage claimed to know what the American people wanted in the election -- Marco Rubio , Chris Christie and Ben Carson .                             
The Coast Guard agreed to " control data regarding personnel remains and personal effects ," according to NASA ' s internal history of the investigation .                                             
It is not clear from whom she bought the property , but her sister Anna and Murray lived there last year .                                                     
Unfortunately , those asking the White House to take action have thus far failed , with a statement being issued explaining how the case would need to be taken at state level .                               
The 24 - hour strike on 12 January will be followed up by 48 - hour industrial action starting on 26 January as well as another day on 10 February , the British Medical Association has announced .                     
Perhaps more significantly , they have opened up a 10 - point lead over fifth - placed Manchester United with 15 games remaining .                                                 
You ' re going to have to do your best , throw out all of the records , throw out where you are playing .                                               
" These rules were important in the days before the NHS , when a broken leg could leave a man out of work and unable to feed his family ," she explains .                               
" I think this is very normal , because U . S . companies want to grab a share in the Chinese high - growth market ," he said .                                     
Australian police and researchers are developing a ground - breaking test that will help them identify suspects based on the DNA evidence they leave behind .                                             
Of course this will require time : for companies to volunteer their services , and for users to come on board .                                                     
Young people these days seem to be quite happy to take pictures of each other and them make them available to others .                                                   
The Chinese club are allegedly prepared to offer the 28 - year - old wages in excess of £ 60 , 000 - a - week after tax , according to the Daily Mail .                           
Mr Green said there was no plans for any permanent memorial and the decision would be left to the family .                                                       
Over the years , the airline industry has gone through some challenges , but we ' ve seen a lot of very positive changes in the last several years .                                     
However , a series of losses sent him out of the UFC and additional losses outside of UFC made it seem he was a spent force .                                           
Now I just find it so easy to talk to people and nobody can believe it when I tell them I used to be so big .                                           
He told The Mail on Sunday : " We know the single biggest risk factor for Alzheimer ' s disease is age , and as our population ages , people will get it more .                             
It has helped me to be what I am , and it has helped me to support my brothers so that they can complete school .                                             
It works fast - spin it for one to two minutes a few times a day - and won ' t take up space .                                               
The court heard " the meaning and operation " of that agreement has been in dispute since at least 2011 .                                                       
So , Rubio ' s claim at the debate that he never supported cap - and - trade is false .                                                       
It would be bad for Britain but also bad for Europe because they are an important part of the European Union ," he stressed .                                               
The UN Security Council resolution on Syria , covering the peace talks which are due to start in Geneva in January , calls for immediate access for humanitarian relief to all areas .                               
His most recent goal against Liverpool made him the highest scoring player for a single team in Premier League history .                                                       
I had never seen a dead body before and I saw dead children there , and for me it became clear that this was a place where people would die .                                   
I spent ' 75 to ' 79 working in New Zealand , but I don ' t like getting up in the morning .                                                 
But computer models suggest there will be a burst of jet stream energy that will emerge from the western Pacific Ocean around the end of January .                                           
John , a 36 - year - old engineer , said : ' We were on holiday in the area and were considering buying a place for a holiday home as an investment .                               
" I ' m sure that all of this will end in violence somehow - we are not far away from that at all ," she said .                                         
This ambitious plan will replace older schools across the country with new , modern buildings that will bring benefits to the whole community .                                                 
John was so shocked by that finding that she ran the study over several times to make sure she did not get a false positive .                                             
CCTV footage of the crash , released by police in a bid to find witnesses , was viewed almost three million times .                                                   
Mr Barry said detailed guidelines on how to use the drones had been produced for forces to deal with potential privacy issues .                                                   
The officials said the amount of cash destroyed is believed to be in the millions of dollars , but the exact amount is unknown .                                               
He raised $ 13 . 4 million in the summer and early fall months while Rubio picked up $ 5 . 7 million and Christie and Kasich each around $ 4 million .                               
Children can ' t guarantee that they will be able to make themselves something to eat when they come home , find somewhere quiet , go on the internet or receive help from their parents .                         
" Do you have any idea how many TV projects I ' ve got in development , and we ' ve sold already ?" she said .                                           
They then estimated how the reduction would affect body weight per person , and overall results for the adult population .                                                       
I really have to start thinking about what I ' m going to do with my future and acting is what I want to do .                                             
But now , of course , I see him in a different light and would love to see if it worked .                                                     
The real driver of prison numbers is that the length of sentences has grown for people who commit more serious crimes .                                                     
The technical challenge , which is what Dave was most worried about , doesn ' t go so well for Sam .                                                     
There ' s $ 100 , 000 worth of goods and services available in the economy , but only $ 90 , 000 in spending .                                             
' But while I ' m disappointed that there won ' t be any criminal charges , I believe we still have a chance in the civil court .                                       
International businesses will think very carefully about the risks of returning to the Iranian market , and even if they do , it will take a long time for the economic benefits of increased trade and investment to be felt ," he said .         
This year , the Broncos defence ranks first in the league in yards allowed per game , third in rushing yards allowed and fourth in points conceded .                                         
The challenge here -- not just for the United States , but for the rest of the world -- is that this is not going to go away .                                       
Having to stand before the cameras while the hard - fought crown was removed wasn ' t fair , she said .                                                     
" I ' m happy to play , I love it , but I still don ' t like watching ," he said .                                                 
I know full well I ' m going to get attention when I walk out the door but I don ' t dress for attention .                                             
Canberra United players are asked to hand in their mobile phones as soon as they arrive at grounds on W - League game day .                                               
There is no community consent for this work to take place and we ' ll be doing everything we can to defend ourselves .                                                 
In St . Louis , the Rams won the Super Bowl after the 1999 season , but they have made only five playoff appearances in 21 years , the last in 2004 .                               
They are two points behind third - place Arizona in the Pacific Division for a playoff spot , and further behind in the wild - card race .                                         
I can ' t stay at home , simply because someone else has made things more difficult ," she said .                                                       
The court heard that the tragedy happened the day before a safety assessment was due to be made , following the departure of key managers with responsibility for health and safety .                                 
Evans is due to start legal proceedings to clear his name of the crime which he was convicted of and served a prison sentence in 2011 .                                           
The important thing for us is that we are still in the tie and we will look to impose our tactics on them in the second leg as they have with us .                               
On Wall Street , the US S & P 500 lost 5 . 1 per cent in January - the worst start to the year since January 2009 , when the index lost 8 . 6 per cent .                   
Republic , which emerged in the early 1980s , had about 300 members and little direction when Smith , now 41 , arrived after a period of living and working in Australia .                               
" The idea of an empty chair , you know , was something no one looked forward to ," he said .                                                     
Tom was inspired to do the food challenge from a blog post , where he read that 6 , 000 children in the UK are being brought up on £ 1 a day .                             
As frequently happens , the owner got too old to drive the car but couldn ' t bear to part with it .                                                   
All I know is I ' d like to do it on my own terms , because I really hope it ' s not an injury that stops me playing .                                   
We see a substantial risk that prices may recover much more slowly over the medium term than many companies expect , as well as a risk that prices might fall further .                                 
" It ' s good that you can do that business very , very quickly and that ' s why they ' re here ." says Mr Smith .                                       
I ' m so excited that we ' ve won the championship , there ' s a lot of cricket still to come in the next few months and in the next year .                             
The value of online sales fell 5 . 2 % compared with November , but were up 8 . 2 % from a year earlier .                                             
The crowds of people taking part in the march were calling for an end to the renewed violence between Kurdish rebels and Turkish security forces .                                             
The local young people can use it , they can sit around a fire or climb trees and no one minds too much if they break off a branch .                                     
The EU also wants to be able to recall any vehicles across the region and carry out spot checks on the road .                                                   
We have an agreement with our allies that , you know , an attack on them is an attack on us , and we respond with nuclear weapons .                                       
In truth , I think he liked her and was touched by her but wasn ' t entirely in love with her .                                                   
They weren ' t that keen to have me involved anyway , but if I get in there , I ' m just going to cause trouble , because they ' re not going to do what I want them to do .           
New drinking guidelines released earlier this month state that there are , apparently , no safe limits when it comes to drinking alcohol .                                                 
From May to September in 2003 , Bowie sat down for several interviews with the broadcast , but the story never came together for air .                                             
Speaking on the BBC earlier , Mr Corbyn defended the changes he made to the shadow cabinet , saying they had brought more " diversity " into his top team and he was " happy " with the new line - up .           
The Northern Ireland defender , who can also play in midfield , has made 28 appearances for the League One club since joining on loan in August .                                         
Last week , Mr . Obama said the federal government would make $ 80 million in federal funding available to Flint .                                                     
The estate made a loss of £ 1 . 3 million in 2014 , a loss of £ 1 . 8 million in 2013 and a further loss of £ 1 . 7 million in 2012 .                       
Meanwhile , at the other end of the scale , there can never have been more people employed as waiting staff .                                                     
India , a country of 1 . 2 billion , has the second highest number of Internet users in the world , but an estimated 80 percent of the population does not have Internet access .                         
Although the study didn ' t confirm that this treatment worked as hoped , it did contain some good news .                                                       
There are so many highly qualified extraordinary women across the globe , yet gender equality remains way out of reach for many women for a variety of reasons .                                       
Then maybe they take some momentum into Carolina to play a Panthers team that hasn ' t been playing its best football .                                                   
I suspect this one was too , and don ' t think either Channel Nine , News Corp or Fairfax Media should have paid for it .                                           
When China opened up , it not only took off in terms of economic growth , but there was a marked and quite significant increase in income inequality .                                       
Oil and gas service companies expanded their businesses over the last decade based on an oil price well above the current one .                                                   
Anthony Michael Hall was another member of the cast who grew up as a child actor in the public eye .                                                       
He appeared to on the road to recovery until the news of his girlfriend ' s death , the hearing was told .                                                   
Kerry acknowledged that " our differences will continue to test us " but stressed that the world benefits when the United States and China are able to work together , including on the Iran nuclear deal and climate change .                 
The information we had a week ago was the risk assessment showed we were better off taking the route via Egypt .                                                     
If Bernie is successful and becomes the nominee , I see President Obama , the vice president as well , as being two of the leaders who can help to pull the party together behind them .                       
The hunt to find them is on , and the reward for information leading to their capture now stands at $ 200 , 000 .                                               
We may still find it , but given that we have a history of finding out what happened even in the most difficult circumstances .                                               
When the cameras were first installed , the Labour - run council denied claims it was a " money - making " move , saying income would be put into transport .                                 
Emergency services attended the scene immediately and launched a major rescue operation , but the car ' s passengers had died before they could be rescued .                                           
Mr Taylor said although the development , which could not be named for legal reasons , was an extreme instance , it was probably not unique .                                           
Google I / O , Google ' s big developers ' conference , took place in San Francisco on May 15 , 2013 .                                                 
While they appear to be having the time of their lives , the meat - eating couple are forced to stop and get out of bed .                                           
Two suicide bombs in October outside Ankara ' s main train station as people gathered for a peace rally killed more than 100 people .                                               
We ' re due for rain today in Sydney but here ' s hoping they stay out there for most of the day .                                                 
A source with knowledge of the talks told CNN that the opposition committee ' s representatives would not arrive in Geneva by Friday .                                                 
It added that , based on that number , it expected production for all of 2015 to be between 7 % and 8 % higher .                                             
As Lewis makes his way along the swimming pool area he explains that he made a lot of changes to the house after buying it .                                             
Despite the high numbers of young people in the statistics , authorities fear the total number could be much greater , as victims often have difficulty coming forward to the police .                                 
President Barack Obama said Saturday he ' ll ask Congress for billions of dollars to help students learn computer science skills and prepare for jobs in a changing economy .                                     
It was only when his boss asked him to close the door that he realised he had made one fatal mistake .                                                     
' I don ' t know if it is the Government rules or not but at the moment it is the council telling me I am not eligible so there is nothing I can do .                         
She denied providing the inmates with weapons or tools that would have helped them cut through their steel cell bars , police said .                                                 
" We want people , if they see something or hear something , we want them to tell us ," Jones said .                                                   
What an amazing life that I ' ve had in baseball and the memories to me , I just almost can ' t capture .                                               
There are pictures of his children - three daughters and a son , all of whom have been involved in some way with the business , and one daughter who is a non - executive director .                       
For a long time - such as the two years he went without a fight between July 2009 and November 2011 - working out in an empty gym was as close as he ' d get to real action .                 
" We played together at Red Star and he scored a lot of goals and is a very good player ," he said .                                                 
Despite the age difference , Ms Taylor said they show two people with a very close relationship who have obviously known each other a long time .                                           
" I was trying to encourage Steve to develop his range and his off - side play and it didn ' t appear that he was taking much notice ," he said .                               
What we do know is that the signal for this second population , which has come into Europe is strongest in North East Africa .                                               
" Despite all the different reports that said I made the decision , all I said was I had no plan to leave ," Christie added .                                           
I think some of it always comes down to who ' s out there available that you either think you want to take a look at or that can improve your team .                               
Rather than go to Syria and face arrest , torture , or even death - the prospect of never being able to come home , build your future here where you have freedom and opportunity .                         
The prime minister said the proposals for possible cuts were disappointing and suggested the Conservative - run council should look at back - office savings and shared services between the emergency services instead .                             
The College confirmed that it had granted her a year ' s research leave though it is not clear whether she is still receiving a salary .                                           
Mr Hall , who also worked as a taxi driver for 12 years , has since raised more than £ 6 , 000 for a local cancer charity .                                       
I ' d rather just have a Chinese take - out , though that ' s not what everybody else wanted .                                                     
They ' re the families that go back for generations , and who ran the islands before the police even got here ," she told the Guardian .                                         
They ' ll take an innocent man and make him guilty and that ' s what they ' re doing right now .                                                   
In short , he says , it ' s possible to be healthy in many ways , and anyone who tells you their way is the only way is lying .                                   
The 45 - second video , " Trump Time ," will run online starting Thursday in Iowa and New Hampshire , according to the campaign .                                               
" There won ' t be any questions and you ' ll know from here on out ," he said .                                                       
Not even Matt White , her co - host at the time , noticed as she kept a straight face .                                                       
If this man wants to risk his own life doing whatever he wants , let him , but he must not put his child in danger .                                           
However , we are excited about the new era for racing and confident that the right decision has been made .                                                       
The Australian constitution can only be changed through a " double majority " - which includes an overall majority of voters plus a majority of voters in a majority of states - in a national referendum .                         
The female was handed over to the local police and we will be working closely with the relevant authorities to pursue any necessary action .                                               
The prospects are better in the Senate , where Democrats need to gain four seats if the party holds the White House .                                                   
It seems that it has more in common with New York ( which I visited last year ) than any other city I have ever been to in Britain .                                     
It would be an amazing night though we ' d have to work out how to have all that blood on the stage .                                                 
" We play much more forward now and we ' re hard to beat because we have a lot of quick players in the team ," the Celtic manager said .                                   
I think it ' s really cool and I wish everyone in the world can see it because it really makes a difference .                                                 
There was no immediate reaction from North Korea ' s state media to the B - 52 fly - over , which also happened after North Korea ' s third nuclear test in 2013 .                           
He was formally refused bail and likely to make a bail application next time he appears in court on February 2 .                                                     
One 2015 U . K . study showed that the main reason people were unable to make a change was that they were too tired to focus .                                         
Roger said the security services had come after him for reporting this military meeting , which reached deep within the government to sources that had access to the president himself .                                   
The presence of lead is more of a danger to children than adults , as their bodies are still developing .                                                       
Among the primary causes of the sell - off is worry about China ' s economic health , despite the latest GDP numbers , published this week , that were in line with forecasts of 6 . 9 % growth .               
' The Academy is going to lead and not wait for the industry to catch up ,' she said in a statement .                                                   
He also said he doesn ' t like the president ' s frequent use of executive orders on issues like immigration .                                                     
But if you really do not need to leave your house , I can ' t stress enough you should not leave your house .                                               
German police say a man who was shot dead as he attacked a police station in Paris on Thursday had been living in a shelter for asylum seekers in Germany .                                   
It ' s all very close , there is no team that is really far ahead of the other teams at this moment .                                                 
I didn ' t want to go too early , but credit to the horse as she was tough late .                                                       
" I demand that Wall Street start paying its fair share of taxes ," he said , suggesting that dramatic change was required to right the ship .                                         
I ' m not from Chicago , but it ' s an amazing city -- my favorite city in the world .                                                     
That is because , under the old system , the earnings - related bit of their pension would have been higher than the flat - rate payment .                                         
He also has concerns about some of the reporting that has been done , as well as how the journal was put together .                                                 
The move for reform , reported in today ' s Financial Times , comes after Greece , in particular , came under criticism for failing to set up basic facilities for refugees .                               
The Federal Reserve said it was " closely monitoring " global economic conditions , but would not raise interest rates in a decision widely expected by most analysts .                                       
Labour are not going to get a majority on their own , so they will need whatever we ' ve got .                                                     
I ' ll get a series under my belt , get some game time out there and get ready to go for the playoffs .                                               
But when a vaccine company knows they can make money off of one vaccine , and they see it work , then they ' ll work on the next one .                                   
Now that we ' ve gotten the Donald Trump portion out of the way , I want to thank everyone here for showing the men and women of Iowa the respect to show up and make the case to the people of this state .       
He later married another woman , with whom he was together for 56 years before her death at the age of 75 .                                                   
" So when we face unprecedented and unexpected flooding we are able to give help to families when they need it ," he added .                                               
I mean , if in fact you are simply writing a story for entertainment , then you shouldn ' t be doing it .                                                 
I ' ve been training through football , baseball , basketball , that type of thing but for me it ' s to switch it up .                                           
She said she tried to get it covered last year and no one was willing to cover it as there were only about 500 in the world .                                         
I ' m sure we ' ll come up with a plan and be out on court ready to go .                                                       
American scientists studying the Zika virus have warned that it could be a decade before a vaccine is publicly available .                                                       
It was " reasonable to believe that that threat has extended itself " to nuclear command and control systems ," he said .                                                   
" If this pace of job growth is sustained , which seems likely , the economy will be back to full employment by mid - year ," he said .                                     
In a small town you don ' t get to work with people who go on to represent their country very often .                                                   
She said then : " No matter how old you are , when you are dying or you feel you are going to die , the person you ask for is your mum .                               
It ' s also likely to mean he ' ll raise issues of income inequality and wages , areas Democrats believe they carry a strong advantage over their Republican rivals .                                   
" The Sydney game was the game where they tried to limit my space more than anyone , but I have noticed other teams trying to mark me a little harder ," he said .                           
That increase comes off a very low base - the number of new houses fell rapidly during the property crash reaching a low point of fewer than 2 , 000 in 2012 .                               
We couldn ' t be more different in terms of where we came from and really love for each other that that ' s -- at the end of the day , that speaks everything .                         
Nearly 70 per cent said they would visit relatives with dementia even if the patient did not appear to know them .                                                     
The vehicles that would have been available were either responding to higher priority calls or they were delayed at hospitals .                                                       
The prosecutor , US attorney Jay Robinson , estimates that the government ' s case will take 12 to 14 days .                                                     
" I was in last week before the Arsenal game and it ( my contract ) is not going to be extended ," he said .                                             
Several European countries - particularly in former eastern bloc - have expressed grave concerns about Mr Cameron ' s proposal to ban new migrants from claiming benefits .                                         
" We are currently considering the recommendations made in the report as a priority , alongside Brisbane City Council ," she said .                                                   
" It ' s brilliant because with working sometimes I don ' t get the chance to do it at home ," she said .                                               
Justin Turner has played second base in the past , but the team sees him as a better fit at third base , especially as he returns from off - season knee surgery .                             
It has enormous implications - again , for what we ' ve said about the lack of a settled community .                                                       
" Some comments were made back towards him , even a couple of threats were thrown ," the police spokesman said .                                                     
There might be an eighth period out there too , but let ' s not think about that for now .                                                       
While the price hasn ' t been set yet , it is expected to become available to consumers this year .                                                       
Who knows what influence all of this will have on future generations , even if my name is never spoken again after I die .                                               
I ' m not necessarily more interested [ in doing it now than when he was playing ], you just get more time .                                                 
Mr Justice Baker heard the woman , who has two children , had allegedly been assaulted by her former partner .                                                       
' It ' s difficult to describe what this means , but I feel like I ' m me again ,' Kim explained .                                                 
The shelter sits on the roof of a new school , rising 44 foot high with 14 inch thick walls .                                                       
I ' m confident if the new Malcolm Turnbull actually did what the old Malcolm Turnbull said , we could have marriage equality by the end of February in this country .                                 
He said : ' Whether I like it or not that ' s the comparison people are going to make , so rather than run from it I took ownership of it .                                 
Reporter : Well , his event was only five minutes away so there was real uncertainty up until the last minute about whether or not he would come and make a surprise appearance .                             
We certainly put everything out on the floor today and tried as hard as we could and there were some positive signs .                                                   
The day [ Christian ] was born I said it to myself , with tears in my eyes in the hospital , that my father is never going to come near that child because of the damage he did to me .             
I ' m currently considering our position but releasing them to the general public is not going to be happening .                                                       
Obama did not answer that specific point of her question , making a case that a decline in violent crime rates does not mean guns can ' t be made safer .                                 
Scientists have found learning a second language is easier for some adults than others and differences in how the various parts of the brain ' talk ' to one another may explain why .                             
According to the Post , 17 . 8 inches of snow had fallen at the airport as of 8 p . m . local time Saturday .                                           
The decision , which comes after months of behind - the - scenes negotiations , should benefit 1 , 400 patients a year .                                                 
Given , he ' s lost every set he ' s ever played against Murray perhaps he knows better than anyone else what he needs to change .                                         
This spring may be the season of the small iPhone , while fall may bring the Apple Watch 2 , according to reports .                                                 
Will most likely be needed much more in New Zealand with the bat , but has a first - class record to indicate he is up to the challenge .                                     
This has been pretty much his first 18 months on tour and he ' s had some negative press , but people have to understand he ' s a very emotional guy .                               
Now , we do have to get a Democratic Senate to get him confirmed , so you ' re going to have to help me on that .                                         
I would like to thank all the players I have played with , all the managers and staff I have worked with , and say a big ' thank you ' to the fans for their support over the years .               
The job losses come as the company ' s profits continue to suffer as a result of a 70 percent collapse in prices .                                                 
David Cameron used this as a line of attack at the Conservative Party conference but appears to have left out all context from Mr Corbyn ' s original remarks .                                     
Health visitors , protected until now , risk being next in the line of fire , now responsibility for the service is being transferred to councils .                                           
I also wish you and Kim good luck for the birth of your child and I hope you will experience a feeling like no other before - that ' s what happened to me and my wife .                     
His plan is the most expensive one at $ 1 . 9 billion , which includes the option of housing a second team and being part of an entertainment , retail and residential complex .                           
But he also said " business as usual " with Europe and the US was impossible until Russia ' s interests were taken into account .                                             
Mr Putin launched a bombing campaign in the war - torn country in September to support President Assad ' s army .                                                     
I think , therefore , that this may be the time to say one or two things to the person responsible for my present condition .                                             
I knew I didn ' t want to spend a day away from her - really for the rest of my life .                                                   
When Bush asked the group if they had any questions , one woman in the corner raised her hand very quickly .                                                     
Government data published in 2013 suggested that , in each year from 2008 to 2012 , black offenders were more likely to have been jailed than white offenders by courts in England and Wales .                           
" This is the lie Ted ' s campaign is built on ," Florida Sen . Marco Rubio said in response to the clip .                                               
There ' s a little bit of frustration as we felt we could have gone a bit further in the World Cup .                                                   
He has had very good figures in short - form cricket and we really want him to make the most of this opportunity .                                                 
" There is no danger to the public , however , we are expecting the road to be closed for an extended period of time ," he said .                                       
" I ' m excited to have Rob join our staff , and I think he will be a great asset ," Ryan said in a statement released by the team .                                 
" It ' s strange but the table shows that literally anyone can win the league this season ," he said .                                                     
Democratic front - runner Hillary Clinton also praised Mr . Obama for taking steps she says she would also consider in the face of a divided Congress .                                         
The incident has prompted South Korea to review safety at six low cost airlines after the South Korean budget carrier made an emergency return to the Philippines .                                         
The first UK project was set up at the University of Bristol in 2005 , with the second one founded in Cardiff .                                                   
Five years on , the children are at home with their parents , back in school and unlikely to be taken away again , she claims .                                           
And now he wants to be buried with her even though she never expressed any wish to be buried in the back garden .                                                 
They key challenge remains - decades on from the civil rights movement , many black and white Americans simply don ' t mix .                                                 
The fact that this film turns me back to my recent past , to my family ' s past , offers something that has to do with my identity , with me .                               
From there they say separate government forecasts , also released late last year , show Australia ' s emissions are on track for a further 6 per cent increase to 2020 .                                 
A killer who went missing from a Scottish prison following a period of home release has been found in England .                                                       
' I got given what is actually quite a small book , it is quite a famous one I think ,' he said .                                                 
The school , in College Square , Bristol , also admitted that it failed to ensure its pupils were not exposed to risks to their health and safety .                                       
If he ' s elected president this fall , Cruz would become the nation ' s first chief executive born outside the United States .                                               
If you think early in the year , we tried to press but not as often as we could due to that fact .                                                 
So let them have their debate and let ' s see how they do with the ratings ," Trump said .                                                       
He said he has suggested that prosecutors file charges against officers in other cases but never for a fatal on - duty shooting .                                                 
A yellow warning for snow and ice is also in place for much of Scotland , Northern Ireland , North West and North East England .                                             
" The more I learned about it , the less it seemed like it would be a good idea for me ," he said .                                               
It ' s one of those things announced as a possible thing but there ' s nothing on it we know of .                                                   
It has been thought of and planned since the early design stages of production and carried on throughout the car ' s entire life .                                               
The painting is said to have been stolen in New York and was being sold for almost six and a half million euros .                                                 
On Thursday , authorities announced that six more people had been detained for questioning in connection with the alleged plot .                                                       
If you have , you ' re in good company : according to most estimates about one in two people do .                                                     
The questions will always be there , he said , and people can answer as few or as many as they want at any given time .                                           
I think Chris Christie ' s very much in play , New Hampshire , and actually getting big crowds in Iowa .                                                     
" When we started we wanted to build a very good team over two , three , four years ," he said .                                                   
He explained : " It ' s currently moving across the Atlantic and due to reach us by the end of this coming night .                                                 
According to the Out camp , that gives the PM an advantage , since ministers can make the case for Europe over the next six to 10 weeks .                                       
And that kept me very occupied because we were sitting in that room and you couldn ' t go outside .                                                       
Germany came out as the winner , followed by Canada , the United Kingdom , the United States , Sweden , Australia , Japan , France , and the Netherlands .                                   
He has led the Panthers to a 15 - 1 record and is the only player in NFL history with 30 - plus passing touchdowns and 10 - plus rushing touchdowns in a season .                           
The university is also reaching out to our campus community and the greater New River Valley community who may be affected by the events that have occurred over the past several days .                               
If a manager says that he does not want to pick his top players because he does not want them to get injured , what does it tell the others ?                                   
In the event of an attack on the flight or on me , these are my " go - to " people .                                                   
That ' s because phone companies also reduce the monthly bill for voice , text and data services when you buy your own phone or bring a used one .                                     
We realise sometimes what we do is not always the right choice , but without cyber hackers ... who is there to fight off online terrorists ?                                           
Only with a combination of education and the introduction of tough new policies will we be able to support people to make healthy food choices .                                             
Angela Merkel ' s open - door migration policy was challenged by her own political allies again yesterday as she faced calls for a cap on the numbers entering Germany .                                   
High streets saw 1 . 5 per cent fewer shoppers and shopping centres 2 per cent fewer in May compared with a year ago .                                               
Andy said a few words and I couldn ' t look at anyone , because there were tears streaming down my face .                                                   
" I ' m so disappointed , like I put so much work in , and I just feel like I let a lot of people down ," he said .                                   
They can both step up and take charge when needed , so we ' ll see how it goes through the trials .                                                   
A very good performance that sparked into a great one during ten second half minutes in which he scored one and made one .                                                 
In December and recent months in the autumn , records were broken by a substantial margin - much stronger than what we had seen earlier in the year .                                       
World number two Murray was broken in the first game of the match and his 25 - year - old Canadian opponent went on to take the first and third sets .                                 
U . S . authorities are just starting to lay out guidelines for drone use , and a human - passenger drone seems certain to face strict scrutiny .                                       
Tim ' s mission is not just an inspiration to young people , it is about important scientific research that can only be carried out in space .                                         
" I mean , look -- we were together five years , so I don ' t think those feelings will ever change ," he explained .                                           
A teacher at a maximum - security jail in Southern California has been arrested on suspicion of helping three inmates - including an alleged killer - escape last week .                                     
A government official noted there are a number of reasons a passenger might not be allowed to board a flight or be delayed that are not related to Canada ' s no - fly list .                         
" She [ went to her employer and ] said she would not go back because she was scared of him ," he told People magazine in an e - mail .                                 
Many of our patients think their lives will improve after a treatment , that it will mean they ' ll find the perfect partner or the perfect job .                                       
We encourage parents to take steps to make sure their devices are secure and call on manufacturers to make security a top priority .                                                 
When you have some of the things that have gone on - kids and babies getting shot - the mayor wants to know what the plan is to address it , and you ' re going to get calls from him at 2 in the morning .   
Indeed , the 30 - year - old former England goalkeeper ' s record against United is not one to write home about .                                                 
I ' ve been watching the overnight temperatures and thought there ' d be a chance it would be frozen today .                                                     
The Dubai government said one person had a heart attack as a result of the smoke and the rush to get out of the building .                                             
If I know them well , the top players , I think they still will be in good shape when it comes to the Australian Open .                                           
The campaign expects Rubio to come in third place in Iowa , second in New Hampshire , and then finishing in first in South Carolina on February 20 .                                       
Labour ' s leadership is heading " in the opposite direction to where voters are " on big issues , an ex - minister says .                                             
Mr Brown was standing in the kitchen when he started to feel a bit cold - and he noticed the door had disappeared .                                                 
Even after last week ' s drop , its biggest since September 2011 , the index is just 6 . 5 percent below that level .                                             
Because as things would turn out , there remain just a few loose ends to be tied up on that front .                                                     
" The decision to remain in the house is entirely her choice , and she has been given the option to leave at any time if she changes her mind ," the show added .                           
You can do this on any two days of the week that suit you , but it is best to be consistent so you get into a pattern .                                       
He also produced some of his wife ' s shows in America , which continued off and on for 15 years .                                                     
Some progress has been made this year , with the US opening up towards Iran after it committed to a new nuclear programme .                                                 
They found that 71 per cent were successful for two weeks , while 61 per cent were successful for one month and 46 per cent for six months .                                       
The final third is made up of establishment Republicans - but their support is spread among five or six candidates .                                                       
In social media , Facebook came out on top because of the network effect : The more of your friends are on it , the better it gets .                                       
It ' s not a middle - class school and doesn ' t try to push any middle - class values on to the kids .                                             
" I don ' t think home education itself is a child protection worry but we do need to as a society keep our eye on all the children in our community ," she added .                         
Mr Blair says : " It was fine ... He feels that he is not understood about the problems he faces there .                                                     
' It was lovely and the whole evening we kept saying we could not believe what had happened ,' she added .                                                     
When I was there , if I was dry [ struggling with writing ], I would just go hang out with some people .                                                 
" It was from stress ," he says , adding that he spent weeks in hospital , and ended up using a walking frame .                                               
These barriers suggest that it will be a while before refugees pay more in tax than they receive in state support .                                                     
She told the newspaper : ' She was just the life and soul of everything , loved by everyone who met her .                                                     
" People who use the scheme will stay in the property a lot longer - this is likely to happen with the existing scheme too ," he said .                                       
Fairfax Media drove through Mr Palmer ' s electorate on Thursday and planned to ask 100 voters if they were " more likely " or " less likely " to vote for Mr Palmer in 2016 , than they were in 2013 .           
Show me a kid who has done a paper round or a Saturday job in a coffee bar and I ' ll show you a model citizen in the making .                                   
She suggested that at one point it was as high as 34 per cent , but it ' s not clear whether Google or Apple had the larger share of revenue , Bloomberg reported .                           
We shouldn ' t cut them off from sweet things , but humans were not designed to eat too much sugar .                                                     
I have neither travelled nor been to any other country since I arrived in the UK over 20 years ago .                                                       
Cameron will be seeking to reach a deal on a package of reforms at a summit in Brussels on 18 and 19 February .                                                 
But those who go on a speed awareness course learn something , don ' t collect points and we believe , go on to be better drivers and thus less likely to make a fault claim .                       
It has taken a long time but the result is the exposure of the worst case of team - based doping that this country has ever seen .                                         
They can ' t believe it is that monthly fee and you can get as much access to the planes as you need .                                                 
She said the woman had told her shortly before the attack that she was planning an abortion and had said she ' cannot keep ' the baby .                                         
Asked if the EU could survive the migration crisis , Mr Blair told Fox Business : ' It can survive it , but it ' s going to be a big challenge .                                 
Before the earnings announcement , the company ' s shares rose 55 cents , or 0 . 6 %, to $ 99 . 99 .                                               
But investigators later found an abandoned vehicle " a couple miles away " from the original crash site and concluded that the vehicle was involved in the earlier hit - and - run .                             
It was the first day of share trading in Australia for 2016 , and its losses from last year were extended .                                                     
US President Barack Obama , right , arrives in the snow on Air Force One at the Detroit Metropolitan Airport on Wednesday .                                                   
It ' s one thing I look at and it makes me smile because for a long time I didn ' t have that .                                               
China makes clear that it sees the collapse of North Korea ' s brutal regime as a greater threat than that country ' s nuclear - weapons programme .                                       
He even tried to get out of paying for her medical treatment by saying that at the time of the incident she had health insurance and that the insurance company had already paid out for some of her care .                 
I think this is because he was surrounded by artists and he was so well known as a writer that he just stuck to his writing path ," she says .                                   
And by the looks of it , working and being a mom has taken its toll on the young actress .                                                       
We do not see any way to maintain a similar level of trade defence measures if China is granted market economy status .                                                   
About 1 , 300 workers are now employed on the project which is scheduled to be completed by December 2016 .                                                       
It should be noted , however , that not every NBA team is as interested in reaching out to its less visible surrounding communities .                                               
But I really believe Australia have a squad , if they pick the right players and they perform then , I think the people who are out there writing them off could really be surprised .                         
We need to be prepared for this disease to start spreading and help countries across the world by preparing them for its arrival .                                                 
We also want to show respect to those owners in the area and ensure we don ' t have everybody driving around in their streets .                                             
A similar index for service industries continued an expansion , coming in at 54 . 4 for December , up from 53 . 6 in November .                                           
He said while he was there , he would often drink up to three bottles of wine a day by himself .                                                     
We have about three members that we are speaking to on the Democratic side who are still making up their minds .                                                     
" Not least , because I would get to control my time a bit more and see my children ," he says .                                                   
In one email , Clinton even seemed to coach a top adviser on how to send secure information outside secure channels .                                                     
Will be disappointed to have come off at half - time with an injury after coming back into the side .                                                       
The latest federal jobs report showed their average weekly earnings have risen 2 . 7 percent annually since 2009 - much faster than the national average for non - management employees .                                 
When you ' re 2 - 1 up and defending a lead with 10 minutes to go then you ' re disappointed .                                                   
The travel restrictions have been imposed throughout the countries after hundreds of thousands made their way across the area last year .                                                     
So when I got [ to London ], it was incredible because there ' s a whole fourth meal of the day which is tea .                                             
As soon as I finish with one thing , it ' s all over for me and I ' m on to the next .                                               
I thought we ' ve had it all this time let ' s suffer a bit more and get the title .                                                     
emails is " the first thing I do when I wake up and the last thing I do before I go to sleep ," she says .                                           
Jeremy Corbyn has left Labour an extraordinary 27 per cent behind when voters are asked who has the best team to solve the country ' s problems - the biggest gap ever .                               
So we thought by being honest saying we ' re having problems like most people do it would help connect with people .                                                   
Even after yesterday ' s sharp fall , the Shanghai stock market index is more than 40 per cent higher than it was for two years before prices began to take off in late 2014 .                         
And he can expect more of the same for the next two days - with the temperature predicted to hit 35 before some relief from the heat on Friday .                                     
A woman caught travelling 57 kilometres over the speed limit had her 10 - month - old daughter in the car .                                                     
Given the number of half - naked photos she posts of herself - such as this one of her on holiday , right - what more can she expect ?                                     
That support for parents needs to come from a community children ' s centre where people feel welcomed and included .                                                       
He would then be expected to move up to a senior public school in September 2019 , which is when Mr Cameron is expected to step down .                                         
We wanted to determine where ancient DNA samples would fit with respect to a modern population model and to map individuals into that model .                                               
" I was not sorry , I had done nothing wrong , I wanted to meet with ( the woman ) and I wanted to put the record straight ," he told the jury .                           
But prosecutors knew that Trump ' s wife couldn ' t recall ever sending that newspaper and kept that crucial fact from the defense .                                               
I ' m aware of the code and how to handle these situations and I know a lot of players are very much reading up on it and making themselves prepared for this sort of situation .                       
" The vast majority of refugees , including Iraqi refugees , have not caused any harm to our country and will not cause any harm to our country ," she said .                                 
" It ' s hard to say because as soon as I got injured , I couldn ' t walk ," he said .                                                 
There is also a £ 40 , 000 limit on the amount that you and your employer can pay in over a year .                                                 
This gave me plenty of time to think and in my case , it was an opportunity to think about my wish .                                                   
Spurs had three offers for the 22 - year - old rejected during the summer , their final bid was rejected on the last day of the summer transfer window .                                   
And I really didn ' t know until , like , the reviews started coming out , and I was just like , OK !                                               
I think if she carries on the way she ' s going , she ' s not going to have a very happy life .                                               
To qualify for the main stage , a candidate had to be either among the top six in an average of the five most recent national polls , or among the top five in an average of the five most recent Iowa or New Hampshire polls .   
Our message is clear : we fully support our junior doctor colleagues and want to serve our future patients safely .                                                       
The rate was positive for a third month in a row but was below market expectations for a modest increase to 0 . 3 percent .                                             
This time , Britain won ' t be fighting on the beaches , or on the landing grounds , or anywhere else for that matter .                                             
For a sentence to be reviewed , the attorney general ' s office must receive a complaint from at least one member of the public .                                             
When something bad happens anywhere in the world , we ' re told about it within an hour or two .                                                       
In London , shares in retailer Next fell 5 . 5 % after it reported " disappointing " sales in the run - up to Christmas .                                           
Mrs Stephen , who has daughters living in London , suffered a stroke shortly before moving to the holiday village .                                                       
There ' s less reason to have to lie about this one because younger men , at least , are far less threatened than older men .                                           
That ' s a view shared by many in the parliamentary Liberal Party , though it remains entirely possible that Abbott will surprise colleagues and after spending time with family over summer , discussing his future , decide to quit .               
Young people who don ' t have bank accounts , who get paid in cash , who are not part of the online connected generation , they will get left behind .                                 
" People like him have done incredible harm to people in our country and to his own country ," he said .                                                     
" The victim describes the men as of African appearance and aged in their late teens to early 20s ,"" a police spokesman said .                                               
It was certainly nice to go away and beat Newcastle , we haven ' t brought back points from there for some time .                                                 
" When you ' re a good junior and you have the success early , you have to learn it and you have to deal with it ," she said .                                   
The Government completed a consultation on plans to double the maximum fee cap for money claims , increase all civil court fees , raise the divorce charge , and double fees for asylum and immigration cases , at the end of last year .         
And then , you know , 20 years later you ' re standing in the video store and you ' re looking at all the choices .                                           
We always have to think about the situation now , who possibly can help , plus who can help us from next season on for the next three , four , five years .                             
It ' s very exciting for me just to think about all of these wonderful plants that are growing are going to improve the quality of life of many people around our country .                             
" I ' ve had a lot of great days in my life but none better than today ," he said .                                                     
Last year ' s intervention in Yemen by a Saudi - sponsored coalition can be seen in the same light .                                                       
I think you will find there was some competition for those two top positions , and that resulted in the walk - out .                                                 
On Tuesday , Ms Jones said Labour ministers had not met their own performance targets for the NHS over the past five years .                                                 
Chelsea fans have been criticised for appearing to destroy a Munich restaurant back in 2012 after video footage was leaked on Sunday evening of an incident that took place in the hours before the Champions League victory four years ago .               
I was 34 and it ' s probably fair to say that I hadn ' t gone without alcohol for more than 48 hours during the previous 15 years .                                     
She heard later that he had ' moved to Iraq ' but was shocked when I told her that he was suspected of being an IS fighter .                                         
I have a lot of stretch marks now , dealing with such a huge change in my body is hard .                                                       
We are struggling to come to terms with the loss of our daughter and with the terrible injuries that my wife and her mother have suffered .                                           
We ' ll continue to travel while running our blog and social media channels , and keep working for our clients and expanding our business .                                             
In this way I believe that Prince Philip saved engineering in the UK , ensuring that it has not merely a great history , but a great future too .                                     
Mark , who had been treated for his condition in London , can be heard saying : ' Where ' s my boy ?                                                   
I won ' t go to the Chelsea game , I ' ll just let him focus and get on with it .                                                   
In Sydney , the shares rose 7 . 5 per cent , the most in more than six years , to close $ 15 . 26 .                                           
Instead , he ' s raising money for Republican John Kasich - though he might end up backing Hillary Clinton anyway .                                                     
An engagement ring was not seen on Miss Hall ' s hand when the pair walked the red carpet arm - in - arm on Sunday night .                                         
Apple , meanwhile , has taken advantage of accounting rules that could allow it to pay virtually no tax in Australia on its profits in 2016 .                                           
It is important that each and every one of us feel safe to seek treatment when we are ill or in pain .                                                   
The majority of those points will be scored by the hosts , who have won 12 in a row at home .                                                     
Today Mr Cameron said he would not rush an agreement if it was not ' available ' in time for the Brussels summit on February 18 .                                           
He ' s taken his team to 12 - 1 and does exactly what he ' s asked to do within the system .                                                 
With six kids and no money coming in , I don ' t know what I ' m supposed to do .                                                     
Obama walks to the Oval Office on August 7 , 2014 , the same day he announced the beginning of air strikes on ISIS .                                               
Because I was an only child , this was very important to me - and there wasn ' t very much of anything else that I could do .                                       
Then I ' d get home from school , and I would just stuff my face and then I would feel guilty again .                                                 
You start out not being able to walk , then you slowly start walking and then after a while you can run again .                                                 
This is how it goes in baseball , if not the bigger picture : You make the best decision you can with the information available at the time .                                       
In 1990 the world ' s ten biggest banks had just $ 3 . 6 trillion of assets ($ 6 . 6 trillion in today ' s prices ) - equivalent to 16 % of global GDP .                       
We then got home and were locked out because she ' d forgotten the key , so we had to wait in the rain for my dad to come home from work .                               
" The anxiety and emotional stuff is still there but I can deal with it a lot easier ," she explains .                                                     
People should be extremely careful before they part with their hard - earned money for any products that are sold to prevent the common cold or other infections .                                       
" If I keep going , I ' ll get gold status before March when my policy gets renewed , which will mean my premium won ' t increase ," he says .                               
If they were not at ease , they could not show themselves and there would be nothing for her to carry away .                                                   
So just how much was the development of this new art form in the UK a reaction to the politics of the time ?                                                 
Oil prices have hit their lowest in over 11 years as the diplomatic fall out between Saudi Arabia and Iran has killed speculation that OPEC members might agree to cut back on production which would lift prices .                     
' I can take driving lessons now as well - before I couldn ' t even fit behind the wheel of a car .                                                 
There are now players in my selection who want to play , but they cannot play because I choose another player .                                                     
When you elect me , we ' ll create opportunities for working men and women in this country -- all over this country .                                                 
It ' s been that time of year when the rich and powerful - as well as the simply famous - head to a Swiss mountain village to discuss the big issues of the day and attempt to put the world to rights .         
I don ' t see it as any different from the five - a - day campaign : we know what we should be eating , but so many of us don ' t do it .                       
As a result , it is difficult to push the prices of these assets up and it is easy to have them fall .                                                 
For League Two Cambridge United , the impact of last season ' s match with Manchester United has been long - lasting .                                                   
How he spoke last night is probably how we ' d all like to speak at some stage in front of people .                                                   
A few days later , just after dark , soldiers found him sitting outside his house in the new village .                                                       
" I think it ' s all about raising a question rather than finding all the answers ," she said .                                                       
The 21 - year - old children ' s football coach went missing after a night out in the city on 19 December .                                                 
December to remember : It was the best December in history for the U . S . auto industry , with sales of 1 . 6 million cars and trucks .                                   
At least in the case of the sanctions placed on Iran , their leaders had to deal with their own internal public opinion .                                                 
However , there is plenty of red tape standing in the way - such as permission from the NFL franchise , and the insurance sign - off .                                         
It is each of us who can save lives , it is each of us who can protect ourselves and others from death and serious injury as we share the road .                                 
One of the most immediate changes for passengers in Australia ' s largest state will is the virtual retirement of paper tickets which happened on 1 January .                                         
If you work , do you produce more - or add more value for your employer or clients - than you did , say , 18 years ago ?                                       
But its estimate of the country ' s gross domestic product was about equal to analysts ' forecasts and didn ' t hurt stocks .                                               
Most of them watched Clinton lose eight years ago , and they say her organization now matches the Barack Obama operation that beat her in 2008 .                                           
That ' s not a criticism of the former , but it ' s one reason why the latter might stand out .                                                   
The body of a man has been found in the landing gear of a plane in Paris after the passenger jet touched down in Europe after an 11 hour flight from Brazil .                               
A Samsung spokesman said the company was investigating " a small number " of cases involving non - recalled machines .                                                       
The president will hold a meeting in Virginia on Thursday to discuss gun violence and the proposed changes to background checks .                                                     
A new poll shows Republican Donald Trump leading Ted Cruz two - to - one in New Hampshire , less than three weeks before the primary .                                           
Over the next decade more than 1 billion young people will enter the global labour market , and only 40 % will be working in jobs that currently exist , estimates the World Bank .                           
Clinton , in her many visits to the White House , has chosen to enter and exit out of sight of reporters .                                                   
Prime Minister David Cameron has announced a review into whether officers who ' shoot to kill ' in the line of duty should have greater legal protection .                                         
His mother met him as he walked off the court , and the two went straight to the tournament ' s transportation office , from which they were driven away .                                   
A spokeswoman said : " The NHS has robust plans in place to ensure those who need emergency treatment will continue to receive it .                                                 
It ' s making us upset and not able to work properly because we are trying to hide and not let people see us because we are not confident .                                     
Another wanted to know if the airline would be able to hold onto their order from McDonald ' s and serve it to them at dinner time .                                         
It has already been to court once and fell apart but the police have been brilliant and they fought so hard to get the case back into court .                                       
And it will take an unprecedented amount of political will for the city and county to raise the money needed for housing , as well as to find places to put it .                               
The 25 - year - old man who has been detained is expected to appear at Glasgow Sheriff Court on Wednesday .                                                     
A state of emergency was declared in Tennessee , North Carolina , Virginia , Maryland , Pennsylvania , Georgia , New York , and the District of Columbia .                                       
I wanted a bigger role and to kind of be looked at as one of the top guys on the team .                                                     
The longest anyone had been at the fire front was 12 hours , but those back at the station did not stop working , he said .                                           
The two teams are not afraid to invest in youth and to give players the opportunities they wouldn ' t get in other Premier League teams .                                           
Women tend to monitor and think about relationships more than men do , and they tend to become aware of relationship problems more quickly .                                               
Among the local films being made or released this year , there are several with a diverse cast or subject matter .                                                     
As we have the strongest teams in Europe already involved , the only way to bring in another team would be through expansion .                                                 
Other European countries are also asking the same question , as thousands more refugees stream in from Syria and North Africa .                                                     
Will feel he might have done more to keep out the Chelsea striker ' s second goal but certainly couldn ' t much for his first .                                           
He ' d be heading a ball away on our six - yard box from a set - piece and within seconds he ' d be down the other end and scoring .                               
It is too dangerous right now to try to get her out , and we haven ' t been able to get the money to buy her back .                                       
In a statement following the report ' s publication , Theresa May , the home secretary , told MPs that she had suspended both men ' s assets .                                       
People watched and filmed a mother and daughter who were trapped in their car by a fallen tree - instead of offering help .                                                 
I think down the line , it will make it so that it isn ' t news , it doesn ' t matter ; so it doesn ' t have to be something that ' s a big announcement , just something that is what it is . 
To do that when you ' re traveling all over the country , that ' s a pretty good indication that things are better .                                               
As I walked on my own round the tiny exercise yard for 30 minutes , three prison officers looked on .                                                       
It ' s the first such victory for a computer program , and it came a decade before anyone expected it .                                                     
" This is like a secret on the tour that everybody knows , but we don ' t talk about it ," he said .                                               
Only 12 % said they had needed to switch doctors in the previous 12 months because their doctor wasn ' t in their health plan network ; 5 % said the change had been a big problem for them .                 
There was a period when she regularly lost three - set matches but after working hard on her fitness she has not lost one since May .                                           
This is the biggest change to government guidelines for 30 years and brings recommended levels for men , from 21 units per week , into line with existing ones for women .                                 
You can see how an organisation like the BBC could build a digital rolling news feed and not have a TV channel .                                                   
She had just been dropped off by a friend and needed to cross the railway station to get to her car .                                                     
The big serving 28 - year - old believes he has the " big weapons " to mix it with the top players .                                                 
But junior doctors are so angry at his proposed changes to their contracts that they are planning a wave of strikes , starting next week .                                             
It ' s not just how do we stay calm ... but [ how are we ] taking personal responsibility for how we let this happen .                                           
The industrial action centres on the opposition of England ' s 55 , 000 junior doctors to Government changes to their contracts .                                                   
We ' ll go across there in a game that can really set both sides up in terms of going on a bit of a run .                                           
The ISIS statement , posted online shortly after the attack , said four ISIS fighters carried it out and warned of " worse " to come .                                           
We have solid reasons to feel optimistic about the prospects of our company , despite challenging market conditions we currently face .                                                     
The agreement between 31 nations , including France and the UK , is about sharing information rather than a new law or tax .                                                 
They argue that it is up to countries like the UK and the US to make themselves more competitive on tax .                                                     
People ' s trust in politics is broken , and we won ' t fix that until we show people that politicians trust them .                                               
I had a boyfriend , a home , a career and for the first time in years I was fairly happy with my looks and life in general .                                       
It certainly was not appearing on the world stage in the way that it did after the release of those records .                                                     
" After a certain amount of time I knew I was in big trouble ," White told " Good Morning America " in an exclusive interview .                                           
The former model and writer initially said in the episode that she would stay in the house despite the death of her husband , with whom she has a son , Duncan Jones .                             
North Wales Police have also released CCTV images of Mr Hill whose body was discovered two days later at his flat .                                                     
While police may move in for an arrest , the thought process behind the 30 - second action is civilians will need time to escape a threat .                                         
It ' s almost like everyone is always questioning him all of the time , He ' s the highest ranked of the younger players in the top 20 .                                     
In addition to the 31 suspects detained by federal officers , city police arrested two men from North Africa , aged 16 and 23 .                                               
He had a rule , said friends , not to stand on a street corner for any length of time in case he was recognised .                                             
The crisis in Europe has renewed interest in finding a diplomatic solution to the war that has killed more than 200 , 000 people in Syria , caused vast destruction and left much of the country in the hands of hard - core Islamist militants .     
As a result many residents were forced to turn to charities providing services , such as food banks for support , while councils kept the money that was not spent .                                   
She gave back everything the game gave to her and I just don ' t think anyone can be critical of her .                                                   
Microsoft also is one of the tech companies the administration has reached out to for help in a campaign to combat the Islamic State terror group .                                           
My new year resolution to stop fighting with people on the internet has not got off to a good start .                                                       
" This experience really has helped me and many other people to understand a lot of things ," she says .                                                       
" I think that certain media is just trying to create a story out of it without any proof ," Djokovic said .                                                   
I remember Andrew , a man with a history of attempted suicide who was staying in a shed at the bottom of a friend ' s garden after losing his job , family and home .                         
Miss Hall has not made her views on the 2016 US presidential election clear , but in 2008 , she seemed to back the Democrats .                                             
Cameron had sent a note to the agency after the election that read , simply : " What can I say ?                                                       
It reported this would be " in addition " to the 20 , 000 refugees the UK has already agreed to take mainly from camps on the borders of Syria , by 2020 .                             
The bad luck for them is that , this season , the league is more difficult for everybody so , once you lack a bit of confidence , it can happen to anybody .                             
It is illegal to make or cause to be made in the books , minutes , records or accounts of an association any entry that is false in any material particular , knowing such entry is false .                     
It can involve reaching out a hand of support in the moments afterwards , offering practical help , or sending a message once things have died down .                                         
But Mr Trump , a billionaire businessman and former reality TV star said he would hold a competing event to raise money for US military veterans .                                           
There ' s a couple of nice horses there and he has missed the jump a little bit in a couple of his trials so it might be better he ' s drawn out rather than in .                     
I was left feeling like I couldn ' t be the kind of mom that I wanted to be ," said Frank .                                                   
Its findings have been published at a time when the debate over a seven day NHS has never been more intense .                                                     
We have a crowd here , our supporters , and we don ' t need to travel , so for us it ' s a little bit of an advantage .                                   
My phone ' s run out of battery about three times since the final because everyone keeps sending me so many messages .                                                   
" Life was a constant struggle to recover from the trauma of being locked up alone for 23 hours a day ," Mr . Obama wrote .                                           
What we ' re saying is exactly what George Osborne should have done five years ago , which is that you invest .                                                   
I ' ll write out what happens entirely in words , break it up into pages , and then I start drawing .                                                   
He faces up to eight years in prison and a fine of $ 250 , 000 if convicted of all charges .                                                     
It appears the man took significant effort to not have his name recorded by government departments , agencies or businesses .                                                       
When we got married , it soon became apparent that it had to be an open marriage if it was going to work for him .                                             
But acting was something I could do - and because I found that I was good at it , I wanted to make the effort to invest time and effort into doing it .                             
He said : " If you are looking to buy your first home in the next 12 months , check your credit rating .                                                   
They key issue remains a political transition and Assad ' s own future - though how that will be addressed remains unclear .                                                   
" As always there were a number of tight decisions , especially with a number of players not being available to play in recent weeks ," the coach said .                                     
It was also the four words that eventually led to the 20 - year - old getting dropped from Australia ' s Davis Cup team for the semi - final against Great Britain .                             
She said on the day of the attack she had taken Dakota for a walk twice , and fed her .                                                       
No specific city deal projects have been identified yet , but it is expected to include better bus and train services as part of a Metro scheme .                                         
An ACT government spokeswoman said an independent report commissioned by the government found the event contributed $ 20 . 7 million to the ACT economy last year , but it was not known how much went to the adult entertainment industry .             
We definitely knew the women ' s game in Australia is quite big and that they ' re very professional , but I was quite surprised with the significant amount of interest there has been .                         
But it ' s the best advice I ' ve ever heard , and it changed my life more than any other single piece of advice .                                           
Although concrete figures on homeless veterans in the UK are hard to come by , it is a recognised problem .                                                       
Other days I spot the sign for the small village as I approach , and I see that father and son once again .                                                 
And if you make it hard for them to win an election if they block those laws , they ' ll change course , I promise you .                                         
He also rejected the prospect of Israeli security measures on the West Bank bringing an end to the latest cycle of violence , which began in October .                                         
' I was such a fan of John Wayne , and the one meeting I had with him was just an amazing meeting ,' he said of the actor .                                     
He was very clearly telling US businesses that if they wanted to come to Britain , they had to play by the rules .                                                 
Over the last five years I ' ve done 700 speeches and town hall meetings all throughout the state of Iowa , and it has been an incredible right .                                     
If you ' re Iranian , if you ' re North Korean , and you look at that , you say to yourself , giving up the weapons , even after all of these negotiations , may not be the best approach .           
The comments to his branch members and supporters are a clear indication that Mr Abbott is likely to remain in politics beyond the 2016 election and on in to the future .                                 
" We are looking at fish but , of course , there is that concern that , if this stuff is in the water , it can be affecting other wildlife ," he tells Vice .                         
" When we asked why they would not apply for principal jobs , they gave a whole list of things ," she said .                                                 
It ' s so important to have confidence that if our children are sick there is somewhere we can take them that is a state - of - the - art , world - class treatment facility .                     
With the wave just a few hundred metres behind us , I wanted to capture the scene , but I couldn ' t .                                                 
It can take up to 15 days for the process to go through - although around two - thirds are completed more quickly .                                                 
The number of background checks on potential buyers - a guide to future sales - has risen in the wake of mass shootings in the past .                                           
The men , aged 50 and 36 , have reportedly told police that they don ' t know who attacked them or why .                                                 
This vital measure of the nations ' economic health has a long way to go to get back on track .                                                       
I think a good photographer is not only someone who takes nice pictures but someone who has a decent personality , since that ' s reflected in the photos .                                     
From January to March you can return to watch the tiny babies push their way out of the sand and down to the water .                                               
In a way , what we ' re doing is turning the commercial model on its head and saying small can be beautiful .                                                 
The post office owners are on holiday but are understood to be returning to deal with the aftermath of the explosion and fire .                                                 
It ' s the same amount of pollution as 4 . 5 million cars put out every day , he said .                                                     
The couple believed her and went for dinner at a friend ' s house , which happened to be next door .                                                     
" If you want to believe all the reports out there , then obviously , if you read them , then we ' ve got a terrible relationship ," Scott said .                                 
In 1994 , during the Rams ' last season in the L . A . area , they drew fewer than 44 , 000 fans per game .                                         
I can ' t imagine how it must be to raise a small child on your own - they are hard work and not always great company .                                         
" I just knew she needed time to recover ," he said , adding that it was difficult to be highly motivated on the practice court after all that had happened , and with the next major still some way off .             
Police say members of a tour group she should have been part of returned to the resort and couldn ' t find her .                                                 
A man who also suffered from a mental illness , who sought treatment and did all the things we thought were needed to keep him in the best space possible .                                   
So it is possible and we have to believe in that , but first you have to apply pressure on the leaders .                                                   
" I ' m trying to find a balance between hearing all the bad news and enjoying what I ' ve wanted for so long ," she says .                                       
It must be remembered that , as a members " organisation , the Tour is never going to impose heavy sanctions on players for slow play .                                           
So we don ' t just look at the faces that you would see on TV or on stage or on the screen but also the people behind it .                                     
The statement said Trump agreed to appear at the debate only if Fox contributed $ 5 million to Trump ' s charities .                                                   
Syrian armed rebel groups said on Saturday they held the Syrian government and Russia responsible for any failure of peace talks to end the country ' s civil war , even before negotiations were due to start .                     
The Sunday papers were full of it , several of them having secured " exclusive " interviews with the various players .                                                     
One was to file a complaint to the World Bank seeking an investigation into what was being done with donors " money .                                                   
So I make breakfast , I make sure [ of ] their meals , I make sure they ' ve got something to do during the day .                                         
' I ' m pretty shocked and upset by it and I just feel so disappointed in our government that they are not doing anything to help .                                         
The safety administration found out about the accident last week , from an attorney for the victim ' s family , he said .                                                 
I think they need to learn from it and have consequences , but I don ' t blame them ," Mrs Graham said .                                                 
The Broncos lost control of the game against South Sydney last Friday night in a 10 - minute period in the second half through a lack of intensity , which could be seen in their defence and their kick - chase .             
At one complex , a two - bedroom apartment that cost nearly $ 4 , 000 a month at the peak of the boom now goes for about $ 1 , 600 .                               
U . S . industry operated at 76 . 1 percent of its total capacity in January , a decline of 0 . 1 percent from December , the Fed said .                                 
She doesn ' t really give you a lot , so you kind of have to go out there and take everything you get ," Williams said .                                         
The problem is that no one really knows the right time until months later and then it ' s too late .                                                     
I know a terrorist when I see one and those are definitely terrorists who should not be allowed in the country !                                                     
Not only did Anderson mention the 55 shot , there ' s been 11 killed in seven days in Chicago .                                                       
For $ 5 more , customers can get an add - on package such as Spanish - language networks and even more sports .                                                 
It ' s well worth a watch , but I couldn ' t help but feel it would have been a bit more interesting if there had been some scientific background in it .                             
Cruz said that he was working in " good faith " to " improve " the bill so it could pass Congress and be signed into law .                                         
" We don ' t train , we only recover so that ' s the situation now ," he said .                                                       
I left China without knowing a word of English , and suddenly realised I ' d lost my entire identity - not only as someone from China , but also as a writer .                             
The new work , which was approved in 2008 but then removed from his 2010 plan , will include staff quarters .                                                     
But , since I don ' t have a personal chef and I ' m frequently on the go , this is what works .                                               
And our survey shows that a lot of people take these drugs without having the right amount of time to be able to sleep , which is about seven hours .                                   
THE Conservative Party promised ahead of its election victory in 2010 that it would bring annual net migration below 100 , 000 a year .                                               
He also argued that EU member states should be in " competition " with each other to offer firms the lowest corporate tax rates .                                               
The president ' s office said Hollande cited " the terrorist threat " in asking the government to present a bill at the Feb .                                               
I can tell you , though , I don ' t think this election is who can beat up on the other Republicans the best .                                             
It can be turned on from the app , and scheduled to warm up ready for when you wake up .                                                       
" Around half of the general public said they definitely wouldn ' t feel comfortable talking to an employer about a mental health problem ," she said .                                         
The Met Office has issued yellow " be aware " warnings on Monday for south - west and south - east England , and warned people to be alert to the risk of surface flooding in those areas .                   
I enjoyed reading Harry Potter so much that I found it was giving me confidence in other aspects of my life .                                                     
And it ' s not that you don ' t really have personal experience having owned a gun , but it ' s that things you said -- support for Australia ' s tough anti - gun policies .                   
His five - day visit to Italy and France is the first by an Iranian president in nearly two decades .                                                       
People should not " save up " their units and drink them all in one or two goes while pregnant women should not drink at all .                                           
I was looking forward to that match for a long , long time when I was back in Canberra and Brisbane training .                                                   
" I never feel pressure from playing someone that ' s supposed to be like better than me , sort of ," she said .                                               
The report said that the FBI seized the North Carolina - based server running the board in February 2015 but did not shut it down immediately .                                           
The matter usually doesn ' t need discussing , except by students convinced that if they talk long enough , they can save the world for justice .                                         
They only way I see that happening is with more open communication and people with more listening instead of name calling .                                                     
At no time did they ask me to hand over my baby , explain what I had done wrong or leave the room .                                                 
The company is said to have put aside a sum of at least US $ 17 million to cover rights it has not yet paid for .                                           
Cruz said , " You would carpet bomb where ISIS is , not a city , but the location of the troops .                                                     
When he agreed to the referendum , he perhaps suspected there was little chance he would win the election and ever have to honour his promise .                                           
It made me feel lost , scared , like a little child , to tell myself that , yet I still did .                                                   
Erdogan said he attempted to reach Russian President Vladimir Putin to discuss the issue but that the Russian leader did not respond .                                                   
NHS England said more than 3 , 300 operations had been cancelled on Tuesday - about one in 10 of those planned .                                                   
The coalition has hit " one or two " buildings that store IS money in the past , the US official told the BBC , but Monday ' s strike is likely to be the biggest to date .                   
That ' s part of the reason why , on Thursday , I ' m going to hold a town hall meeting in Virginia on gun violence .                                         
You learn to have a good balance between time to themselves and time to play , just normal days , not sitting in the car .                                             
Most apps have a system for reporting abuse or violations of the terms of use -- but not all do .                                                       
Italy is currently the only major western European country that does not recognise any form of same - sex union .                                                       
British National Party activists are going door to door with mobile food banks in a bid to win support ahead of the local and European elections .                                           
We don ' t know exactly what that impact is , because we don ' t really know - and won ' t know until we stop this leak - how much natural gas is actually being released into the environment .             
India ' s best of the best are in the country for the one - day series against Australia , and not just on the playing field .                                         
" I thought this was very strange , because usually you would get one a month at most ," she said .                                                     
She wrote the name and my address , and it ' s just very special to me ," Trump said in the Facebook video .                                               
However , without any arrests , she has insisted that there is no evidence the men involved in the attacks were refugees .                                                   
That can be parents talking about their young kids , or grown kids talking about their parents and that is growing as my interests change .                                             
It could bring an end to people dropping their expensive smartphones in the water and it will prevent our arms from getting tired while holding it .                                           
She told CBS Chicago , " It ' s about either you stand up all the way or you just be quiet .                                                     
The annual growth rate , which is based on a comparison of the three months to the end of December with the same period of the previous year , is the highest since 2006 .                           
The first inquest , held three weeks after her death , did not call key witnesses or examine medical records .                                                       
As President , I will build on President Obama ' s progress by taking further executive actions to reform our gun laws .                                                   
She said : " I stopped doing all the things I used to do like seeing friends and going to the gym , so I became quite isolated .                                         
If nothing else , there are software services that block out the Internet for people who don ' t trust themselves to turn it off and keep it off .                                     
A spokesman for the mayor of London ' s office said : " The mayor is leading the most ambitious and comprehensive package of measures in the world to improve London ' s air quality .                           
On top of that , the whole film is filled with New Zealand talent , so you get an idea of what we ' re about and why we ' re strong .                               
Republicans will be hoping that after eight years of a Democrat in the White House , the desire for change will swing enough voters their way .                                           
He said his wife was ' very disappointed ' to have had to fire staff , adding : ' Of course she is upset .                                                 
The team ' s departure means that there will be only nine teams and 18 drivers competing for the rest of the 2015 - 2016 championship .                                           
She told the Sun ' s Daniel Jones : " All this is making me more ill and I can no longer handle it .                                                 
The loss brings the Kings down to 5 - 16 this season , with six of their last seven games on the road .                                                 
It has gone down in recent years but a lot of that is to do with the big banks in the UK making less profit ," he says .                                       
We do have to recognise that we face potentially in Britain something of an obesity crisis when we look at the effect of obesity on not just diabetes but the effect on heart disease , potentially on cancer .                   
I ' d take three hours to get ready for a night out and if I didn ' t look right for the photo , I ' d start again or just not go out .                         
I think that it is very good he wants to do that and I didn ' t think it will have an impact on his club .                                           
A few months ago , I directed my team at the White House to look into any new actions I can take to help reduce gun violence .                                         
The company said : " Our newspaper and magazine businesses are relatively stable and performing very well in relation to our peers and competitors .                                                 
But on April 6 , it will rise to £ 10 , 800 , and in 12 months from then to £ 11 , 000 .                                             
One reason we ' ve gone so long without a winner may be that players haven ' t changed their regular numbers since the extra ten balls were added last year .                                 
The Premier League ' s big guns now have more time on their hands than they are used to in March , April and May .                                             
But this year , the rescue teams have been taken by surprise -- in January around 50 , 000 people have made the dangerous crossing .                                             
We were the centre for a lot of protests , and actually we were not comfortable with it ourselves ," Ms Thompson says .                                                 
And in Libya , a country that gave up its nuclear weapons and tried to have some kind of accommodation with the West .                                                 
We can reveal that many of Britain ' s biggest pension companies are failing to protect your money from a Treasury tax raid .                                                 
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said it is vital that an agreement is reached ' quickly ' in the dispute , which could lead to four days of industrial action in all .                               
It should be about 200 pages , and I hope to be finished by the end of 2016 , so hopefully it will be out in late 2017 .                                       
Football ' s a game to be enjoyed , not a game to be destroyed - and we destroy the game by asking the players to do too much in this period .                               
Belgian authorities said Friday they are concerned about the possibility of new attacks in their country to mark the anniversary of the Jan .                                                 
And the year also saw a hit in the new musical Hamilton , which earned unprecedented pop - culture attention .                                                       
After the leak , daily fantasy players told media outlets that they were contacted by the FBI as part of a potential probe into the practices of daily fantasy sports sites .                                 
But I stand by the judgment made ; equally you have taken the opportunity to make your own point about it and to make a wider point about an important public policy issue in the process .                       
The fact of the matter is our job at staying in is to make sure the British public are informed with facts about the issues and when they go to the ballot box they can decide what they are going to do .           
She said : " There is growing awareness of the links between obesity and diabetes or heart disease , but the links to cancer are less well recognised .                                         
" For most people , I think if you ' re not suffering from any clinical issues , or illness , or from stress to a degree that you ' re somewhat disabled , it ' s fine ," he says .             
We will make recommendations to our CEO and the board , the football development committee and what we think should happen with the programme .                                               
' I was basically being told I might survive but even if the treatment doesn ' t work I wouldn ' t have kids again .                                             
Last year was not only the biggest year at movie box offices in Australia , it was also the best year for local films .                                               
Kasich : " One of our biggest national security issues is the world looks at us sometimes and we look at each other and say why can ' t we solve problems .                                 
But the largely state - owned company refused to comment , or even to confirm or deny that the meeting is taking place .                                                 
" They are a hard - playing unit , together as a team ," he said , " and they love each other .                                                   
And it ' s a great example of how you should handle your job and love what you ' re doing .                                                     
It took us about six years just to clear the site , because it had been used as a tip .                                                       
In Vegas , though , you ' re in one place , so I get to dream - the ideas I have [ for sets ] can come to life in a way they never have before .                     
If you put more than £ 40 , 000 in a year into your pension , you won ' t get any tax relief on any amount above that limit .                                   
The move , announced Tuesday , comes as many department stores are under pressure to attract shoppers who are spending more money on their homes than on clothing .                                       
Cruz himself says it ' s a " non - issue " because his mother is American and he moved to the US aged four .                                             
The nuclear deal is set to be implement as soon as Iran meets all conditions , resulting in the lifting of some sanctions worth billions of dollars .                                         
The US tech giant posted profits of $ 18 . 4 billion (£ 12 . 8 billion ) for the three - month period ending 26 December .                                         
Ms Cook said : ' I said to them : ' You know how when you were growing up and how you knew in your heads you were either a boy or a girl ?                               
Kerry said the administration was committed to address the question of Iran ' s missile and other activities , including its detention of several American citizens .                                           
And then I felt like I was getting into a better shape again and everything came together , so I ' m here and 100 per cent here .                                       
However , the Scottish Parliament launched legal action against the group , saying it did not have permission to camp on the site and was preventing other members of the public from using the public space .                       
He has suggested , time and time again , the UK should stay in the EU - but only if the relationship changes .                                                 
His return to northern Syria a few weeks ago came after a London teenager became the first British citizen to be convicted for trying to join the campaign against Isis in Syria .                               
William ' s legacy will live on in the recommendations that are made and we hope the same mistakes will never be repeated .                                                 
" I was actually kind of thinking that I might have a problem with my smartphone ," he said , adding that he played games on it non - stop .                                   
At some point I cannot explain and I am not in the position to judge what happened before and whether it was right or wrong because I wasn ' t here .                                 
But for many , this beautiful country we live in is more than just a home - it ' s hope .                                                     
The United States is leading calls for new UN economic penalties against the North in the wake of the nuclear test .                                                     
She claims that someone even leaked her parents ' address and that she has received comments saying she should have been raped that night .                                               
I invested £ 10 , 000 in it myself at the start and got another £ 55 , 000 from family and friends .                                                 
On Tuesday , following the announcement that Trump will sit out the debate , Cruz told reporters he would challenge the billionaire businessman to a one - on - one debate .                                 
And once the voting is done on November 8 , we hope it is a face that Americans never show to the world again .                                               
If I really like someone , I suggest that we go out for Mexican food before the six - month mark .                                                     
' I see her once every three weeks , but there have been occasions where I don ' t see her for five days at a time .                                         
This move couldn ' t happen at this year ' s Open because the conditions of entry have already been set , but might occur at a later date .                                     
For the ambitious , so - called " big " clubs who play a high line with advanced full - backs , there is a far bigger problem .                                       
The former secretary of state , who is locked in a tight race with Vermont Sen . Bernie Sanders , said that her failed 2008 campaign taught her a great deal about campaigning and what it takes to win an election .             
He is known to want to campaign to leave and might have decided to quit the Cabinet if Cameron had not allowed a free vote .                                             
These include the size of the transfer fee , the salary the player will earn , the ranking of the league the player has been playing in , and whether his club has been playing in European competition .                   
The only way I can keep things moving that way is if I want it just as much , or more , and I keep working as hard or harder than I have before .                           
British media reported bomb threats led to 18 schools being evacuated in Britain on Wednesday , following similar events the day before .                                                   
Many fans have also been shocked to learn that some of the sport ' s top players have been approached and offered big money to throw matches .                                         
The German is waiting for the day when he will have all his Liverpool players fit - but that day looks as far away as ever .                                           
We would [ also ] encourage the regulator to cap all fees and charges at 50 per cent of the original loan amount , as opposed to the current 100 per cent .                               
In such cases , senior prison management will review the individual circumstances , in consultation with medical and other experts .                                                       
I ' ve been doing a lot of screen work for a long time - so this was right time , right place , right people .                                           
And they ' re just people that are I guess trying to save a magazine that ' s close to closing up ," he said .                                             
They are taking advantage of Germany and making it harder for us who really need safety ," said one woman who recently arrived in the country .                                           
Three current Premier League managers have been thrown onto the list of potential managers of Chelsea next season , according to different reports .                                                 
They say children are held alongside adults , abused in custody and kept for months in pre - trial detention , without being referred to court .                                           
Most coaches wouldn ' t have found a way to win 12 regular season and one playoff game while losing most of their top offensive weapons as New England did this year .                               
Because my goal here is to bring good people on both sides of this issue together for an open discussion .                                                       
" I ' ve adopted a New Year ' s resolution ," Clinton said when a man asked her what she thought about Trump ' s claim that she and President Barack Obama created ISIS .                         
He almost died and is still unable to eat or drink properly , and has had to give up his career as a result of his injuries .                                         
I ' m sitting here in this house , which they were in last week , and it ' s empty without their voices .                                               
The big difference between me and the right is that after seven years of the Mr . Ed presidency I think I would start to settle in and believe it was true .                               
While each could be represented as promoting the immediate interests of employees , both posed a threat to their job security .                                                     
There ' s been a bit of interest here and there and , as I said , there ' s also been some interest from different countries in Asia .                                     
I just wanted to come on here because I know this is one of Bill ' s outlets and no doubt will be reading this .                                             
" It is time to pick a side ," Clinton said in an ad she released on guns earlier this month .                                                     
He felt that by drawing he could understand both the natural world and machines , and that the two areas could influence each other .                                               
When asked at the start of January about what he would do should his first child arrive earlier than expected , he said : " I ' m going to fly home .                                 
I spoke to friends back in England and they all confirmed what I was thinking - that very rarely in life do you find yourself in the position I was in : a ready market , no competition , and extremely low barriers to entry .     
Long argued self - defence , which the jury accepted , after he told them he feared the suspect was reaching for a gun .                                               
I ' m really good at getting my own way and talking my way out of a lot of things but in there you can ' t talk your way out of anything .                             
The explosive guard is shooting 42 . 6 % from the field and 36 . 3 % from behind the three - point line .                                               
But somewhere along the line , you find something , just one little thing , that makes getting back up again feel worth it .                                               
Asked if he thought he could be creating the next generation of black hat hackers , Davies said : " I have absolutely no fears I ' m creating some black hat army .                               
The heritage is finished , there is no such thing as heritage any more - there are very few houses left and there might only be a couple of heritage ones out of that .                           
It was an opportunity to give game time to some of the girls who haven ' t played much recently .                                                       
Last week , I was covering a Bernie Sanders rally in Iowa , and asked a 77 - year - old man for his thoughts on the presidential race .                                     
We do not know why they were taken away from us ... but there is comfort that we would be seeing them again .                                                 
On the subject of inequality , Cameron said too many people in the UK were stopped from reaching their potential because of their background .                                               
The second day of the match between New South Wales and Victoria was a remarkable one , due to a great recovery by the home side .                                           
" The Secretary is very concerned with the direction this thing is going ," a senior State Department official said .                                                       
A man has been sentenced to three and a half years in jail for having sex with a 14 - year - old girl .                                               
At first , Jean didn ' t even tell her two sons , Mark , 50 , and Alan , 48 , because she feared they ' d try to talk her out of it .                         
He didn ' t have the internet at home and he didn ' t like to be in strange or unknown places for too long .                                             
There ' s going to be a big crowd tomorrow as well and we ' re all looking forward to it .                                                     
The most common length of prison sentence was six years , while seven offenders ( 64 per cent of those who received a prison sentence and 39 per cent of all offenders ) received a sentence of at least four years .             
" We didn ' t get back until [ Wednesday ] but we have two days to recover and plenty of fresh legs and we ' ll be ready for Saturday night ," he said .                         
On Monday , on the game ' s biggest stage , this year ' s group will get the chance to prove it .                                                 
The new recommendations published by the chief medical officer have reduced the recommended weekly alcohol limit to 14 units for both men and women .                                               
We defended the first ball well but then struggled with the second or third so that ' s a normal reaction .                                                     
Kevin He was delighted to find the house where he lived for 20 years represented on a giant map of Beijing .                                                     
That is because the more people who play , the more likely it is that one of those people will match the winning numbers .                                               
Authorities in Sweden have taken the unusual step of keeping the 15 - year - old suspect in police custody due to the serious nature of the crime .                                       
The world ' s most powerful investment bank had previously threatened to shift resources away from Britain if referendum voters back an exit .                                                 
A young black woman asked him about his record as a tough , anti - crime mayor of Baltimore from 1999 to 2007 , which she said led to arrests of more black residents .                           
Davis also points out the critical importance of the medium in which money is expressed : " Since we grew up it ' s gone from being solid to being digital .                                   
Since taking this office , I ' ve never been more optimistic about a year ahead than I am right now .                                                     
" They ' re out fighting the fire and that ' s saving us so it ' s my little bit to do to give back ," she said .                                     
State officials estimated there were more than 400 deaths from drug use during 2015 , twice as many as in 2013 .                                                     
It took these two teams four games to find a winner last time they met in the FA Cup in 1989 .                                                     
" It helped us balance our business in the New South Wales market , which was incredibly important for us at that point in time ," he said .                                       
I ' m happy I haven ' t had to face him with the bat but it is a bit of a shame he ' s only played the one game .                                 
Its truth - telling take on economic issues -- America ' s and , by extension , the world ' s -- concerns everyone , rich and poor , left and right .                               
I mean when you think about what these kids are going through -- they may not see their next birthday .                                                       
' He had formed a view not to waste his time on him once he got him into A & E ,' the judge said .                                             
" We will not be allowing anyone in or out until we have a clear idea of what is going on ," said a post on the page .                                       
Just to make sure that we ' re all on the same page , that we ' re all working together as a team , that we ' re all focused on getting to the World Series this year .                 
The new recommendations also say people should have several drink - free days a week and spread out their consumption .                                                       
He and other members of the worst club in Washington band together to embrace members and their communities after a shooting .                                                     
There was even speculation Boris Johnson could be installed in the Cabinet if Mr Cameron was forced to bring in new people .                                                   
Their relationship was so strong , that when he became ill , she was " always at his side ," she said .                                                   
Last month , I made a personal journey home for a BBC Radio 4 documentary , to explore how dramatically India ' s sexual landscape has changed in recent years .                                   
China became second only to the U . S . in economic size , thanks to GDP growth of almost 10 percent annually between 1996 to 2000 , according to World Bank data .                             
George Osborne announced the move in June 2014 as part of an effort to make the UK a global hub for Islamic finance .                                                 
Bowie ' s death , which came after a secret 18 - month battle with cancer , was announced this morning .                                                     
What to do with the thousands of Central American immigrants who have fled war and gang violence in their countries has been a difficult issue for Clinton .                                         
At some point we might fit enough pieces together to realise it was wrong , throw it out and try a new picture .                                                 
' He had been out with some people that he just met , which is common for Richard - he ' s really friendly ,' she said .                                         
The people that we love , at most , only write one or two episodes a season ," Perry added .                                                       
Williams likely has the best serve the women ' s game has ever seen and it rescued her on both occasions .                                                     
For Rubio , though , the Trump - less debate brought new scrutiny of his own record , which included his failed effort at immigration reform .                                           
The full festival programme will be announced on 17 February but other details have also been revealed , including a partnership with Guardian Live in the books and debates series of events .                               
While he is one of the most high - profile , he is not the first politician to have fallen victim to hackers .                                                 
She has seen mostly men , but said there were at least two women -- one of them a wife of one of the men .                                             
It ' s funny because Lisa has made a few little comments about whether we want her back , but if I ' m here , there ' s no way you wouldn ' t grab her .                     
The city wasn ' t wild about putting a half - sized basketball court in anybody ' s front yard .                                                       
I was on that first emergency list where he pushed the button - he ' s fallen over or whatever , can I go round and help him .                                       
The people least concerned by terrorism - the Chinese , 19 per cent of whom choose the issue - still chose the issue above all others .                                           
Obama ' s popularity with those voters remains strong , and starting with his final State of the Union address Jan .                                                     
And if Marco Rubio can ' t defend his record with Republican primary voters , he will have a hard time doing it against Hillary ( Clinton ) and the Democratic machine .                               
I don ' t believe that the majority view will support [ change ], but if that ' s not the case then , of course , I would support that .                                 
He has also made clear in recent weeks that if he does not get the deal he wants he may be prepared to lead the campaign for the UK to leave the EU .                             
After the first couple of years it was tough times and I did actually think if I wanted to stay with the franchise or whether I wanted to go .                                     
He told her he was in love with her and asked repeatedly for her to move to Los Angeles to work at his headquarters , she alleged in the suit .                                   
Many stroke survivors often say that even when they have had excellent hospital treatment , once they get home they feel abandoned .                                                   
The courses are four hours long and aren ' t much cheaper than the fine , with the typical cost being about £ 85 .                                               
A student who was just returning from lunch when shots were fired said his friends ran past him urging him to get out .                                                 
It is a fact that at that time of this assault we were filming a short for a reality TV show , however , no one put either of us up to this fight .                           
If they are to attract him , United ' s task must be to find an ambitious form of football which appeals and , you have to imagine , a Champions League stage .                             
The mosquito is the most dangerous animal in the world , carrying diseases that kill one million people a year .                                                       
I don ' t think it ' s going to be anything I ' m going to get over because I really did believe that we were just going to live our lives , for whatever time we had left .               
" I think the city of L . A . didn ' t really appreciate what he did and , what we had ," said Bryant .                                           
" With a pre - bought one , you ' re limited in what you can do with it ," he said .                                                   
" There used to be a premium for working at a big company , even in a lower level job ," he said .                                                 
Like I hear you write something beautiful about your experience of the world and it makes me want to write something that explains how I feel about mine .                                       
In countries with a multi - party system , I would have a say in choosing who will lead the country , but in Vietnam , I have no say in choosing our leaders .                           
Mr Cameron is expected to secure a new deal from Brussels in talks in February , and the referendum to take place in July .                                               
We love the hospital there , we love the teams , they ' re amazing people , but some things have to to be done with family .                                         
He knows he ' s got to lead a lot of our younger players and be a really strong role model .                                                     
He also predicted that he ' ll be able to win states that would be out of reach for a traditional Republican candidate .                                                 
If you are easily frustrated at work , for instance , or want to create better relationships with colleagues , becoming aware of how you operate is the starting point for change .                               
Even though this was now my country , I never experienced looking for a job to be this difficult in Hong Kong .                                                   
The spokesman added : ' We have not released details of the shop where the ticket was bought and no retailer would have been informed that they have sold the winning ticket .                                 
New guidelines on the maximum amount of alcohol people should drink in a week have been welcomed by Scottish health campaigners .                                                     
It is to Liverpool ' s credit , then , that they managed to stay in this game for as long as they did .                                               
That is also a main concern of Gulf leaders , who argue that Iran will use the billions of dollars it is receiving from the lifting of sanctions to continue supporting the government of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad .               
Up to 40 , 000 people have been trapped by pro - government forces for six months and have been without aid since October .                                               
Justin , who is now working on his college degree , returned to the hospital with his family on Monday to thank the medical team .                                             
Security personnel are out in force and only a handful of regime supporters were allowed to hold a low - key celebration .                                                   
Like so many of the great men I met during the war , I don ' t know what happened to him ( or ) whether he even survived .                                     
" I ' m going up to look at a couple and hopefully pick up a couple but I ' m not buying myself ," Martin said .                                         
Still , little is known about the virus , which has spread across the world in just over a couple of years .                                                   
A police officer stands guard near the scene of a fatal shooting of a man armed with a knife and wearing a suspected suicide belt , at a police station in northern Paris .                             
It will not take long to find out if he is up to it , that ' s for sure .                                                       
According to the White House , Sanders had sought the meeting with Obama weeks earlier - and it happened to come together late Wednesday morning .                                             
He was right : we had three years in opposition under Tony ' s leadership , then 13 years in power , the last three under Gordon .                                         
A spokeswoman for the county said Sunday afternoon she didn ' t have further information about the safety concerns or specifically who intended to block the senior center entrance .                                     
" It ' s no use having a conversation about something that ' s not going to happen ," she said .                                                     
What is being asked of Germany is enormous : it is to their credit that Germany ' s leaders accept it - and to the public ' s credit that so far it has stood behind them .                     
Is he right that my half should only be up to December 2014 even though I put 50 % in from the start ?                                                 
We need to find out what happened and why it happened and learn from that , so that next time we have a flood here we can do a better job .                                 
A teenager who died in June 2014 was sent a letter on Christmas Eve calling him up for jury duty in 2016 .                                                   
In fact , the news was so slow that day that the Daily Mail revealed on its front page that a silver cup worth £ 50 had been stolen .                                     
Labour has announced a housing policy targeting first - time buyers , while the SNP pledged to put education " front and centre " in their plans .                                         
There are not going to be too many opportunities between now and the end of the season in games like that when you have created the greater chances .                                       
" With nearly 37 , 000 migrants and refugees now having arrived in Italy and Greece by sea in 2016 , that figure is roughly 10 times 2015 " s total on this date .                           
The nearly five - year conflict has killed an estimated 250 , 000 people and created a massive refugee crisis in the region as well as in Europe .                                       
You have to be here for four years , my time was up here but as it turns out my heritage actually comes all the way back from Hong Kong ... not that that counts .                         
The party ' s public services spokesman Dr Richard Simpson said : " No - one should face the threat of violence for doing their job .                                             
One of my things is to check in with guests the day before they arrive and make sure they have all the information they need .                                             
We don ' t have to feel like we ' re putting anyone out , and we can just do our thing .                                                   
If you don ' t eat healthy , you won ' t have a healthy body or healthy lifestyle , and you can ' t be as active .                                       
' This is just a building block in a chain of statements from the government and also the chancellor ,' he said on Phoenix television .                                             
And between Facebook and Twitter and Instagram , I have 12 million people ... So it is a great way of getting the word out .                                             
Despite being wanted by intelligence agencies he was thought to be using false documents to travel in and out of Europe .                                                     
One of the main differences the couple made when they started to travel with the kids was they spent less time in the car and more time at each destination .                                   
It helped me make a plan for the future , and of course fitness will be a key part of it .                                                     
First time I met Andy and Jamie was really only a year or so ago because it takes a couple of times being around guys like that before you have the confidence to approach them .                         
" When people come and do class , one of the first questions I ask is , " Do we already have someone like that ?                                               
" I really liked my school but then they closed it because of so much war ," she says in her new language , Swedish .                                             
Now , the couple say they would be happy to do another series three decades on - provided the price was right .                                                   
The title is anyone ' s to be honest but there ' s such a belief in this team that we can do it this year .                                           
She was too scared to go talk to him , because she ' d never met a guy like Tim .                                                       
She said that 95 per cent of animal - tested drugs that entered clinical trials did not make it to the market .                                                   
It is its job and responsibility to come forward with policies that will help us to win the next general election .                                                     
As concerned as public health officials are about Zika , they highly doubt the virus will be as devastating in the United States as it has been in Brazil .                                     
" This was a playoff - style game and we played terrible ," he said at the time , " but we have won a lot of games here .                                       
He gave the example of a private equity firm saying it could guarantee " an 18 % return " on investment in certain children ' s homes .                                         
As you begin to understand yourself better , so you become more able to influence the outcome of key processes and to ensure that what you do has the right result .                                 
It would have been nice to win the game , but when you play against an experienced team that keeps its shape , it ' s never easy to break 10 men down .                             
" We ' ve got a long , long way to go before we can even think about coming to terms with it ," she said .                                           
You no longer have $ 40 worth of tickets because you ' re buying me ice cream , pregnancy girl problems .                                                     
I don ' t want to look too far into the future because my main focus is winning this year ' s series .                                                 
A spokesman said the agency doesn ' t comment on specific cases , but acknowledged the arrest occurred at the time of the operation .                                               
I suspect a cost analysis would show that money spent would actually reduce the burden on taxpayers in the long term .                                                     
What he did say was this : " I won ' t change my mind with the political winds ... I will always deliver what I promise .                                           
Nearly a third of voters said they did not know who they would vote for , according to the poll carried out at the start of January .                                         
I think in the short term reaction I think his voters , Donald Trump ' s voters will see it as a sign of strength .                                             
The PM has said many times that what matters most is that we get the substance right and fix the problems and concerns of the British people .                                         
Police Scotland said later that no - one was injured in the incident and that there had been no threat to the wider public .                                               
The Bulldogs completed just one pass in the game , which came in the final minutes to help run out the clock .                                                   
Those people who want to win power , whether they ' re left , right or centre , will be watching the evidence and will make their decision on the basis of that evidence .                           
But the attacks have also had a lasting effect on the mum - to - be who is now 24 weeks ' pregnant .                                                 
" We won ' t be able to keep our two little girls in your school any longer ," she said .                                                     
He said he hoped it " wouldn ' t get anywhere near " the situation where strikes had an impact on emergency services .                                                 
In December a group of anti - immigration protesters were also caught on video threatening migrants by what looked like a weapon .                                                   
He wasn ' t able to provide any figures , but said interest in Egypt had dropped following recent attacks .                                                       
And now we want to ensure that the welfare system plays no part in the migration decisions of any EU national .                                                     
The festival , which ran in Sydney over the weekend , encouraged participants to consider what good sex meant for them , and the relationship between sex and their identity .                                   
The BBC said Friday night matches had " proved very popular " and would soon be introduced in the Premier League .                                                     
It happened again , 92 - 90 , Dallas ' 10th consecutive victory against the Lakers and the NBA ' s longest active streak against them .                                           
Her next property , an ex - local authority flat , was left to Dr Cameron by her grandmother in 2012 .                                                     
At 30 per cent , our company tax rate is just not competitive with Singapore ' s 17 per cent , Ireland ' s 12 . 5 per cent or even the UK ' s 20 per cent .                   
We do feel if people were more aware of the fact that modest fashion was such a large market and people want to dress this way they probably would put out more .                               
Since its posting on January 6 , the photo has received over 2 , 000 likes , 1 , 500 shares and over 400 comments .                                             
The biggest test of public opinion outside of a General Election will take place on 5 May , with elections for the Scottish Parliament , Welsh Assembly , London Mayor and local authority elections across England .                       
His record at the time is clear -- but it ' s not what he claimed Thursday night at the debate .                                                     
Now , some of those reporters look back and reflect on how different things would be in today ' s information age .                                                   
According to the latest figures , 30 % of children aged between five and 14 are involved in child labour .                                                       
It ' s as if you are offering us a magic present : we can imagine it ' s anything we want .                                                   
Americans ' savings rate increased from 7 . 3 percent of pay on average in 2013 to 8 . 5 percent in 2015 .                                                 
I don ' t think it ' s necessary to put some sort of target out there for the year .                                                       
One former child soldier revealed the emotional impact of being taken from his parents and being forced to become a soldier .                                                     
That ' s why it ' s disappointing when you put in the hard work and every now and again it doesn ' t work .                                             
But this itself is a problem - because even if nothing like it has happened before , that doesn ' t mean that nothing like it could happen again .                                     
We would love to welcome you right here should you ever want us to show you first - hand the amazing work which our staff do on a daily basis .                                   
There were people in town not staying quite up to date through the different media and [ other ] people had to go and get them out .                                         
But such is the nature of a football career at this level , you never know what is around the corner .                                                     
Apple paid $ 85 million in Australian income tax last year , despite making almost $ 8 billion in local revenue , accounts filed with the corporate regulator show .                                     
A Tory source said : " The Prime Minister asked if there was any possibility of Boris continuing as mayor and joining the Cabinet at the same time .                                         
By targeting those at risk and providing sustained health care , we could prevent more than 90 per cent of new infections each year .                                               
I ' m very happy to be proven wrong , but I can ' t say that I have any actual belief .                                                   
United Airlines said limited service might begin by late afternoon Sunday in New York City , but both major airports in the Washington DC area will remained closed for the day .                                 
The airlines try to enable and assist such passengers to travel by air , but the design of airports and associated parking is outside their control .                                           
This isn ' t just the public , but the majority of ski schools won ' t teach kids aged seven or under .                                                 
But two days before the event , he was shot dead as he walked home from dinner with his Ukrainian model girlfriend .                                                   
It was a busy time for her : she had to tell her new company she and her husband were expecting a baby boy in October .                                           
Last month , it extended its government bond - buying program and cut a key interest rate further into negative territory , measures it hopes will generate more economic growth and help get inflation back to target .                     
And her primary strategy also banks on winning part of the Democratic base , especially African - American voters , that she lost in 2008 .                                             
His biggest challenge , though , will be to take players who have been selected for their attacking ability , players who may not naturally put defence first , and to fit them into his system .                       
" My actions do not fit the profile that has been created by the media and family ," he wrote .                                                       
We might have got close but we ended up losing by 12 and there wasn ' t really a point where we were really in it .                                           
But when it comes to analysis , individual stuff , when we do separate things , then I can do a coaching role .                                                 
There are people in life who are gay and they ' ve fought long and hard for their rights and I respect that .                                                 
She will just be making it harder for our friends , our families - all the people we have had to leave behind .                                                 
We have a welfare system , unlike many in Europe , that you have immediate access to and it is that that creates many of the difficulties .                                         
" You passed away so innocent and true / So brief was your time I hardly knew ," she wrote .                                                       
And students from families who earn up to $ 150 , 000 must pay no more than 10 % of their household income .                                                 
" I was one woman alone in the most dangerous place in the world - 4 , 000 miles from home - around some of the most dangerous people in the world ," she said .                         
' She just had the first Christmas with Oscar , it ' s such a shame the doctors weren ' t open .                                                   
" Like I said though , I didn ' t go into this with expectations of finding " the one " and I certainly didn ' t see myself with a boyfriend at the end of it ," she said .               
That ' s what we want and , according to the fan survey we did last year , what all the fans expect .                                                 
He hit it in the gap and he was just sort of too cool for school when he took off .                                                       
And I felt like there was a space where it would ' ve been so easy to also put me in the picture .                                                 
If you ask people what animal eyes are used for , they ' ll say : same thing as human eyes .                                                     
Royal Mail has marked its 500 year anniversary by releasing a gallery of 500 events , people and objects that tell the history of the service .                                           
The sources said the U . S . has been trying for more than a year to get the Cuban government to return the missile .                                             
" When crimes are committed , and people place themselves outside the law ... there must be consequences ," she told reporters after the meeting .                                             
" All I had was memories from 20s grand final when we went to extra time and we lost ," Morgan said .                                                   
I think people can get carried away sometimes by what a big decision it was - but it is only sport .                                                     
She has visited her partner in India and the couple now have a 10 - month - old son together , whom he has met but not yet had the chance to get to know properly .                       
But do we have to go on having some sort of relationship with them , because we need a solution to the Syria situation ?                                               
' Even though it is a culture , and it ' s a cultural thing , he goes in , he takes over , he ' s the boss .                                     
' She said to me ' what ' s up with you , it ' s only £ 250 ' I told her to look again .                                           
" I don ' t want to put out that these people selling it don ' t care because I ' m sure some of them do care about helping others ," she added , " but it is a business , bottom line .         
And it was her call to action for herself and for me and for our family to be a part of the solution .                                                 
The Australian dollar has fallen to a three month low as concerns about the Chinese economy push the currency and share markets even lower this week .                                           
Most rate it a " hold ," with a target price of just under $ 20 -- the high end of where shares have traded for the past year .                                     
The Fed predicted that the GDP will expand 3 . 5 percent to 4 . 4 percent in 2012 and 3 . 7 percent to 4 . 6 percent in 2013 .                                 
Up until that point , I was on the fence ( or " border wall ," if you will ) about voting for Trump , but he finally said all I wanted him to say .                         
He asked me my name and I told him and he couldn ' t understand it because it ' s quite difficult .                                                   
Back then it was believed that small amounts of red wine , or any alcohol , helped cut the risk of a heart attack .                                               
The bank did not signal when it would next raise rates , but did say it expected the US labour market to remain strong and inflation to rise .                                       
You have to convince a whole lot of people to back you and that has to be a thing that you believe can actually happen to you and you can invest 20 years [ thinking it can happen ] before it ever happens .         
The father is an engineer , but it wasn ' t immediately clear what part of the U . S . the family came from or how long they had been living in Spain , police said .                     
The father of a British man convicted of killing his American wife and their baby daughter believes his son is innocent - and claims his daughter - in - law shot the child before killing herself .                       
" Two of our boys are based in the United States , so we like to visit them ," she said .                                                     
" I wish we weren ' t fighting all the time to protect women ' s rights - to protect women ' s health ," she said .                                         
I imagine a lot of water will go under the bridge before we ' re likely to see any real competition .                                                     
The ambulance service confirmed that the man suffered a serious arm injury and was taken to the Royal Victoria Hospital .                                                       
The former children ' s home is one of 22 residential institutions across Northern Ireland that are currently under investigation by the inquiry team .                                               
The head - to - head comparison found that patients taking the chocolate - based medicine had a significant improvement in symptoms within two days .                                             
The most urgent need for our residents is to stay inside ... We ' re getting two to three inches of snow an hour at this point .                                         
And it ' s about putting pressure on them to make sure that those women don ' t lose out on something they ' ve paid into all their lives .                                   
He said the government was " investing heavily " in the workforce in response but added : " However , on occasion people will be treated outside their board areas .                                     
And now a movie deal is in the pipeline , although details can ' t be released at this stage .                                                       
However , couples returning from south or central America have been warned not to try for a baby for at least a month in case they have become infected .                                     
German police concluded that sexual contact was not forced in the case of Lisa F , whose full name is protected for legal reasons .                                               
" It ' s something that I think about on a daily basis because of where I am in the world ," Murray says .                                               
Once , an ex - boyfriend and I lived with her for two months after we came back from travelling .                                                       
Of more than 900 , 000 people taking the dangerous route across the Mediterranean , one in every two were Syrian .                                                     
It ' s time the government reviewed its approach to human rights in the Kingdom and adopted a far more robust stance .                                                   
If she also believes a crime was committed , we trust she will file charges , and that the matter will be brought before a judge and jury like any other criminal case .                             
His friend Daniel Wilson told the inquest : ' We were in contact on the day I was going away and the others had already set off .                                           
Trump , speaking earlier in Iowa , said he ' d probably raise money for veterans instead of doing the event .                                                     
Here ' s a quick look at the site ' s top 16 neighborhoods to visit in 2016 , including the level of growth each area experienced in 2015 .                                     
" It ' s not a crime to want to have a better life and future ," said one 18 - year - old girl who asked CNN not to reveal her name because she fears for her safety .                 
For five years I have kept him from the fields and work ... only now I find out that he is 13 years old and doesn ' t know anything .                                   
In the run - down suburb of Ferguson , I meet the father of the teenager whose killing inspired so much of this .                                                 
Community engagement is not sufficient if they are not creating industries , long - term , that the community can hold on to - past their operations .                                         
" It ' s still very early days , but we have hope now while before we had none ," says her mother Emma , 31 .                                           
Moscow says it is targeting the Isis and other extremists but the airstrikes have also hit western - backed rebels .                                                       
The culture made it difficult for more junior employees to report issues or offences such as sexual abuse , even when they were victims themselves .                                             
We were surprised to discover that over 95 % of these stars were in fact hot massive stars , as we ' d predicted .                                               
[ From ] what I see , any woman getting out of bed and earning a living is dubbed a strong female and we all know we ' re not .                                   
" They pulled me through in the end , they were great , I can ' t thank them enough ," she said .                                                 
I ' d say that virtual reality doesn ' t even need to sell hundreds of millions of units to be successful in this first generation .                                           
" We haven ' t heard anything more ( from the AFL ) but I am very confident in our processes ," Carter said .                                               
Before the negotiations broke down last year , the Senate sought to place greater focus on helping the communities most affected by pollution .                                                 
U . S . stocks moved higher in early trading Monday , led by gains in big technology companies , which have had a rough start to the year .                                     
We need to get political consensus around these very difficult issues or else they are not going to go anywhere .                                                       
Home Secretary Theresa May , left , has been named as a potential leader of the Out campaign and will now be able to choose to campaign for out .                                     
That would allow coal and gas to be burned in the low - carbon future deemed essential by all governments at the climate summit in Paris .                                           
I was lucky , because I had people around me who helped me find that joy , and who keep on helping me find it .                                             
We ' re trying to move forward but there were areas all over the organisation that we could have improved on .                                                     
That might work for those who are single and have no kids , no house , no investments , no significant expenses , one job all year and no life changes .                                 
The tax being paid in the UK may be a good deal for its government - and even that ' s under question - but not necessarily everyone else who is also after more tax from Google .                     
" You have a concept but you have to let it free , you can ' t plan it ," she says .                                                   
Cameron said he did not want to resort to new taxes , but " what matters is we do make progress " on obesity .                                               
I don ' t think that is going to happen , but if it did happen I ' d be over the moon .                                                 
News of the report comes after an analysis by the UN found that Europe should expect one million more refugees during 2016 .                                                   
While it is more difficult for the foreign players to understand the community issues because they are new to the area , most of them are fully aware of the importance of putting something back .                         
But we can all agree that you finished your career , as you played it - leaving absolutely nothing out on the court .                                                 
This morning , three allegedly violent criminals on the run for a fifth day after breaking out of this maximum security jail .                                                   
In fact , it ' s worse than that ; it ' s offensive , especially in a country run by a black man .                                               
I think the experience that you gather along the way should definitely help you - the good and bad - but you look at the Premier League now and there are a lot of foreign coaches .                       
They don ' t seem to understand that if you lose your manufacturing base you become a third - class country .                                                     
Their 11 - 9 success was a repeat of the deciding tie - break they won against Britain on Wednesday , which ultimately proved the difference between the sides .                                     
" We haven ' t had anyone put it into contracts but three or four people have told me that they want it done before April ," he said .                                     
At the time , my mom and I didn ' t quite know the extent of it , but we knew she had a problem .                                             
There were simple " classic " versions available , he added , and " more dressed - up " types , with a lower cut , especially at the back .                                   
He sold drugs , and committed violent armed robbery -- but what he wanted to talk about in the show was what he had recently discovered in a case file about the first weeks of his life .                     
We feel like we ' re in a really good spot and I think it is important to have confidence going into a final .                                               
She broke down and admitted to me that he ' d hit her so hard in the past that she had fallen on the floor .                                             
I ' m a nice person and likely would have give you a ride but obviously we ' re past that .                                                     
" This is a difficult but important conversation , and it is time for big changes ," she said in a statement posted to the Academy ' s official Twitter page .                                 
A British embassy spokeswoman said it did not comment on intelligence matters and there was no immediate response from the Foreign Office in London .                                               
Despite what we think about Iranian actions in Syria and elsewhere , Iran is a significant political and military force in the region .                                                 
She was struggling both with her own depression and the fact that her husband was unable to work and the subsequently the financial burden was on her .                                         
She did so wearing a face of such tragedy , you would have thought her house had just burned to the ground .                                                   
OK , the Sun ' s " rain " is not made from water , but it does fall down just like rain does , here on Earth .                                       
Will those rising prices mean that regular dining out will be a thing of the past for the middle class ?                                                       
It wasn ' t the first time I ' ve had to talk to the nation in response to a mass shooting , nor would it be the last .                                     
The lawyer told the court that Ms Ross was willing to give up ownership of the dog if the appeal was successful .                                                   
' We ' re linked into the intelligence services , but there is no specific intelligence about the event in London tonight .                                                   
Russell might need another day or two to recover , Scott said , while Bryant ' s return time wasn ' t as clear .                                               
" We tell them the reason to come here is not to hand the Assad regime a propaganda victory ," he said .                                                   
" I guess the jury is going to be out on whether it will help ," King told CNN Tuesday night in a phone interview .                                             
I have always loved the challenge of seeing what I can do on race day and I have known that I have to put in the training if I want to perform at my best .                         
Jeremy Corbyn has called for Britain to join EU efforts to tackle the refugee crisis , amid claims by some European leaders that it will push the union to breaking point .                                 
They didn ' t have much chance in the past but today they want to express themselves - the problems they are facing in the society - and art is the best way .                             
This is by no means the first overseas tour for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , who visited Canada for the first time together soon after their wedding in 2011 .                                 
There is also no legal right to be paid extra for any overtime worked , unless provided for in your contract or otherwise agreed with your employer .                                         
I was the one that was out there , others would come and ' show love ' and spend time with me out there .                                               
A so - called sick - out by teachers has repeatedly forced the Detroit district to close schools during the past two weeks , keeping thousands of students at home .                                   
These products can pose a very serious danger to your health ; you do not know what is in them or what their affects might be .                                           
If the vehicle had a pre - accident value of £ 5 , 000 , in its damaged state that would fall to just £ 1 , 000 .                                       
If truth be told , sometimes the writing goes well and sometimes it doesn ' t , and that was true for me even when I was in my 20s .                                   
Just under a third of more than 2 , 300 students had used e - cigarettes when they were first questioned in 2013 .                                                 
This year has been absolutely brilliant , although it has just about killed me being on the road all of the time .                                                   
State also has noted that the same information can come from multiple sources , not all of which are classified .                                                       
Our primary concern over the current situation in Calais must be to play our part in addressing the underlying humanitarian issues .                                                     
They still rule there , but we call Vietnam an ally now , in a part of the world where we need friends .                                                 
Well , in this piece we ' re going to tell you about 25 hidden features that are really , truly hidden .                                                   
If you are not at home , do not try to return as conditions in the area could be very dangerous .                                                     
" I ' ve had to play it over in my mind several times and there ' s really no explanation for it ," he said .                                           
You have an opportunity -- when you ' re a young kid , you watch those games or you play them on the video games , but now you ' re on the field with those guys .                     
They are not in this title race , no , but they are direct rivals because of the quality of their team .                                                   
I am currently too ill to fly so I am trying to get myself well enough to go otherwise I will face a journey via boat , which is something I obviously want to avoid .                         
Three out of four of North Korea ' s nuclear tests -- in 2009 , 2013 and now -- have taken place while Obama has been President .                                         
He mixed it up with both Cruz and Rubio at times , but he failed to make any of his attacks stick - and it ' s unclear who he most needs to take down in order to succeed at this point .           
I liked that he went to Syria to defend women and children who are getting killed every day by the [ Assad ] regime and from bombs sent from Western countries .                                 
A legacy of the command economy built during the long war against the French and Americans , they are everywhere , making cars and ships , milk and clothing .                                     
A spokesperson for American Airlines confirmed the plane turned round due to a medical emergency and said it was not security - related .                                                 
Each has been on the ballot for three years ; neither has gotten more than 37 . 6 % of the vote .                                                   
It ' s always exciting at this time of year to see the guys coming through and taking the next step .                                                     
It ' s funny , people who have worked in that club are going to have great respect for that club because what was built down there wasn ' t just one or two people .                         
The rate was 6 . 7 % at the end of 2013 , and the significant improvement was a key factor in the Federal Reserve ' s decision last month to raise a key interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade .       
" We saw this game as a crucial match - up at a time of the season when everyone is still in it ," Anderson said .                                           
I want to speak out not just for me but for all the women out there who are victims of domestic violence .                                                   
Some people can work their careers with social media ; and I feel like the minute I start playing with that or try to be someone I ' m not , it just doesn ' t work .                     
The process of making a northern European country their home might not always be easy for your parents , especially as they arrived amid the continent ' s worst migration crisis since World War II .                         
They thought there was a problem , but they did not have any idea at all of what had happened .                                                       
" Maybe sometimes it ' s better to leave things alone , to let them be about their time and place ," he writes .                                               
On Monday Israeli troops shot and wounded a 17 - year - old Palestinian who had stabbed and wounded a pregnant Israeli woman in a settlement .                                           
Here , people have fewer social restrictions : I have met two of Helen ' s friends who are women and married to each other , with children .                                       
Her clothes were the same ones she had on yesterday , which means she has been in the water all that time .                                                   
And the worry for Chelsea must be that the point Mourinho made after the defeat at Leicester in what turned out to be his last game as manager turns out to be correct .                             
For me , it was equally difficult to tell families that they ' d had a daughter ," he says .                                                       
The temperature of European club rugby is traditionally taken twice per year , once in January and then again in May .                                                     
' I don ' t think either one of us thought , ' Here we are , making a debut ," she said .                                                   
For instance , they could shed light on the idea that , at one point , most or all of the forces of nature were combined into a single force .                                   
Though my advice for those with limited time before the new premiere is this : watch the first and last episodes of every season .                                               
What was different about this call to action from the news stories and aid appeals on Syrian refugees shared daily online ?                                                     
The outcome of the vote - and which side Tory leadership figures campaign on - will also influence the Tory leadership race to replace Cameron when he steps down at the end of the decade .                         
It will place such demands on our squad that I will have to give careful consideration to the line - up I select at Arsenal .                                             
If people could just drop the attitude and deal with the facts , that ' s a more honest way to deal with it .                                               
Mr Andrews has spoken out twice since his removal on the need for Australia to agree to US requests for a greater military contribution in the Middle East .                                       
Our research shows that even the road name you choose can make a difference to how much you can expect to pay when finding a property .                                           
A spokesman for Queensland Police said there was debris on both sides of the highway , forcing them to close the busy road .                                                 
But instead when he returned he wanted to go round the water one more time and took the wheel out of Victoria ' s hand .                                             
This is a tough market and figures for UK universities last week showed the fourth consecutive annual fall in students coming from India , with less than half the number of students compared with 2010 - 11 .                     
Police have been carrying out a joint investigation with the fire service to establish the cause of the fire which they now believe was started deliberately .                                           
The draft bill is also right to require companies to retain , at least for a time , data about mobile - phone and internet activity that may , subject to a warrant , be of use to future investigations .               
The ad campaign walk people through a few questions so they can find out , even as they watch the videos , if they ' re at risk .                                       
However , a crime scene has been declared while police take statements from residents and witnesses as part of the normal course of their investigation .                                             
" The bus was coming -- she started pushing , moving kids , but they all couldn ' t beat the pace of the bus ," she said .                                       
He was obviously trying to do it for himself but he knew it was also going to help so many other people ," she said .                                             
Almost a third of people living with a partner worry that their relationship ending would mean losing their home , according to new research from a housing charity .                                       
They watch her videos for a number of reasons : to assist with sleep , de - stress or help cope with personal issues such as their parents " divorce .                                   
Fairfax Media understands the construction phase is already planned and construction could start " very quickly " if the market - led proposal is accepted by Cabinet .                                         
" Even as I continue to take every action possible as president , I will also take every action I can as a citizen ," he wrote .                                         
Some of that , as I said , has to do with investing in these communities and making sure there ' s good education and jobs and opportunity .                                       
" I don ' t like how I look , so to ask somebody else to like how I look is a big thing ," she said .                                         
The good news is that these are not only recommendations that are well within my legal authority and executive branch , but they are also ones that the overwhelming majority of American people - including gun owners - support .                 
It ' s just that recently I ' ve started to worry that maybe I don ' t know how to not be on my own .                                           
It ' s day two of the trading year , and investors around the globe will be hoping for a better performance than on day one .                                           
It had been faced with poor academic results and a parents ' vote of no confidence in the school ' s board .                                                   
And what we have never quite decided , as a nation , is whether we want to become part of a larger European super - state .                                           
He is a very good talent who is a current England international and should be one for years to come , too .                                                   
The campaign is also building out their field team for a late push : More than 40 volunteers are moving into the Cruz campaign ' s volunteer housing beginning Monday .                                   
2015 also saw record high temperatures for 10 months , with five months showing the highest departure from the average of any month on record .                                             
But in Melbourne , he was 5 - 0 , and Murray of all players did not need to look that up .                                                   
" Since this is the main reason they exist , you ' d think they ' d be prepared to have a debate with the president ," Obama said .                                     
They were last seen Friday at 5 a . m . in their holding area but their escape wasn ' t confirmed until midnight , giving them a 16 - hour head start .                             
Although there are many treatment options for low back pain , for those patients who continue to suffer for longer than a year the chance of a full recovery is low .                                 
The Freedom of Information Act was introduced by a Labour government because the public has a right to know about the decisions taken in its name .                                           
Back then , a trade dispute defined relations between the United States and Japan -- and not in a good way .                                                     
The division - one winning entry was registered to a player ' s card and Queensland players have been urged to check their tickets .                                               
But I can confirm the incident was linked to the theft in the shop and nothing to do with a terrorist attack .                                                   
About the same number of people thought Mr Corbyn should quit now - 34 per cent - as thought he should lead the party into the 2020 general election - 35 per cent .                             
The boat was the only way of getting supplies onto the island and so we had to share our seats with live animals and boxes of fruit and vegetables .                                     
Medicine may tell us the mind and body are separate , but the evidence doesn ' t quite support that .                                                       
" We lifted more people out of poverty in those eight years than in any other recent time in American history ," she said .                                               
I think it ' s wrong in principle ... but it ' s a policy matter as to whether parliament should go down that route .                                             
When a child goes into care , they are physical proof that the system of family that we all go around promoting , we ' re living proof that ' s not true .                             
Last autumn , S came back to the city where we first met ( and where I still live ) to attend a wedding .                                               
" I ' ve never said there is no opportunity for another player in the home improvement market , I said there was no opportunity for Masters in its current shape ," he said .                           
And it ' s hard to see how profit growth can really pick up given that profits are close to a record high .                                                 
I mean , probably one of the most beautiful women in the world ," she said of the 35 - year - old reality star .                                             
The mayor said at a Friday morning press conference that snow is expected to start arriving between 1 and 3 p . m ., a little earlier than reported Thursday .                                   
These days it ' s the internet and everyone knows what ' s happening , but it ' s not like anyone can come .                                               
City have now scored 36 goals and conceded just three in their 11 games and have an 11 - point lead over second - placed Canberra .                                           
But overall I ' m really happy with how I came out in the third and stepped up , considering it ' s been many weeks since I ' ve been in that position .                           
After that our aim was to close the game down and despite the fact that we had one and then two players more the game remained open to the end .                                   
While the knowledge will not change the way Georgia is treated today , it offers hope that there will be a therapy in the future .                                             
One featured men with an average age of 47 , while the two others were women - only with average ages of 36 and 48 respectively .                                           
It came as court documents showed police do not know the true identity of the youth who has been arrested for the killing .                                                 
It has led to campaigners urging for more to be done to tackle the spread of drugs through British which can have such devastating effects as seen in the video .                                   
The connected home - also referred to as the internet of things , or the smart home - was the big theme last year .                                               
The choice we were left with was to think , this is all too difficult , throw up our arms and walk away , and then wait for the chaos and terrorism to hit Britain , or to take action in the national interest .       
About 500 people were evacuated from homes in south London following what police described as a " huge " gas leak .                                                     
The case came after it was revealed that Clinton used a private email server to conduct official business while leading the department .                                                   
Image caption The Independent ' s sister paper , the i , carries the same story , but explains some scientists have questioned whether there is enough evidence to show the US - developed technique works .                       
He said : " I saw the car running over the little girl , I ran towards her but by the time I got to her she was already up and walking .                                 
I think it ' s really good for local clubs within Australia and exhibition matches as well just because the crowd knows how long it ' s going to be .                                   
The 45 - year - old has been treated for the issue once before - in 2007 , the year he retired as a player .                                             
But it ' s a powerful message to the mainstream of the party : Jeremy doesn ' t want to make things work .                                                 
I ' d be talking about what people in Iowa are talking to me about , about affordable health care and jobs and rising wages and all of the concerns that are on their minds .                         
It ' s possible they fear that if people don ' t dress properly for the office , standards might slip .                                                     
In the current primary campaign leading up to the November 2016 presidential election , he has contributed to the campaign of Republican White House hopeful Marco Rubio .                                         
The local authority has cut more than £ 78 million since 2010 but has to make further savings of up to £ 90 million by April 2019 , including £ 40 million from its adult social care budget .                   
If you look at these mass - shootings , none of them would have been prevented by the things the president is pointing to .                                               
There ' s a couple other ways to get rid of money , but I -- I -- I -- think it ' s better if you ' re helping other people , using a good bit of it for helping other people .         
After first studying here in 1998 , she got her current visa in 2013 , on which she last travelled to make it to my older brother ' s summer wedding in Minnesota .                             
It was a very hard environment in which to live so to a certain extent I tip my hat off to you .                                                   
The room itself was probably about 10 metres by three metres but the damage is down to a two metre by two metre area .                                               
Trump ' s keen sense of his audience has , for better or worse , made him the dominant force in the 2016 election .                                               
But , evidence suggests that parents can use simple techniques to help their child build their confidence in what they can achieve .                                                   
I think pretty much everybody is listening right now , and I ' ll tell you what , we can ' t do it for you .                                           
She declined to say how the family knew it was a suicide and asked that the family ' s privacy be respected .                                                   
The difficulty is that we ask for a certain level [ standard ] and we are looking , but it is not so easy .                                               
I think $ 2 billion is in the cards but if any movie has that potential ( to be No .                                                       
The Rams are going through a major transition in their move from St . Louis to Los Angeles , and the coaching staff is among the many moving parts .                                     
She will be one of those most pleased by Mr Cameron ' s offer of a free vote and is almost certain to take him up on it .                                       
But we will use the force of law - there is law on the books that they can ' t be there .                                                   
That ' s going to be the starting point but you also have to deal with an opponent and they have their approach .                                                 
" He wasn ' t the same boy I knew after he got hit by a car ," she said .                                                       
I can ' t even remember when I began to suspect that you ' d changed , but I know a time did come when I knew that things were different between us .                             
We felt , and Jack would be the first to admit , that he didn ' t chase hard enough and his defensive efforts weren ' t to his usual standard .                                 
" He will have more tests over the next couple of days and then we should know more ," he said .                                                     
We are taking care of our passengers and crew , and we are working on next steps to get them safely to their destination .                                               
There ' s no doubt people have always loved coming along and watching him play because of the entertainment that he can certainly provide , but there is a line outside the game of cricket as well .                     
It ' s interesting , like I said the other day , I would have loved to see what we would have done if we were 15 - 0 .                                     
This is better for the officers and the inmates - living in a constant war zone makes for poor mental and physical health .                                                 
If there ' s bacteria in the water it ' ll get into their system , and if you eat it you could have trouble ," he wrote .                                       
When Trump decided to sit out the Fox News event , Cruz challenged the billionaire businessman to a one - on - one debate that would have served to keep him closer to the front - runner .                     
" It was very much a strategic partnership as opposed to just a financial one ," he said in an interview .                                                     
The Met Office also expects 2016 to set a new record , meaning the global temperature records will have been broken for three years running .                                             
Authorities don ' t know what happened on board after that , but radar and satellite data show the plane turned off course and flew back across Malaysia before turning south over the Indian Ocean .                         
Russell ' s early penalty put Glasgow ahead but they had to wait another 40 minutes for the next score - a second penalty for Russell .                                           
It gives me great joy that people can buy this collection and read King ' s writing , which is close to his speaking voice .                                             
The Kentucky Division of Emergency Management told CBS News that cars were stuck along a 30 - mile stretch of I - 75 .                                                 
You are one of the most valuable resources law enforcement has in fighting crime and we appreciate your efforts ," a news release stated .                                               
" I ' d order food that looked good for the photo and not even eat it ," she says .                                                       
But it means you don ' t have any job security , you can ' t get a mortgage , you can ' t plan what you ' re going to do .                               
' I ' ve been a Labour member for two years but he ' s such a hero and he ' s just an inspiration to me .                                         
But they have also been trained to , above all , see if you are going to be a problem on the flight .                                                 
Kelly believes that most of us ( unless suffering from mental illness ) can improve life , one small step at a time .                                                 
Some players might not like him , but you don ' t mind so much when you get the results .                                                       
It may not be a condition you can avoid forever , but you can at least reduce the amount of time you have to live with it .                                         
I just don ' t see if that ' s the way he ' s ( Mr Palmer ) run his business , what he ' s been doing in politics .                                 
I have been lucky to have grown up in the era when women ' s football is growing and developing .                                                       
The Government is to directly commission the building of 10 , 000 new homes on public land as part of a " radical " new plan to build at a faster rate using smaller companies .                         
Because the Department of Education ' s guidelines aren ' t uniform rules , schools are left to come up with their own procedures .                                               
You do feel that if South Africa get it right in a session , they will do some proper damage .                                                       
Mr Little ' s family has now revealed the 34 - year - old had suffered with mental health issues for the past three years .                                             
It ' s easy to pass people sitting on the street like this all day long - you don ' t think twice - but when you see something on that scale you might stop and think a little more about what ' s going on .   
In a country where many people get paid less than € 1 a day , even getting € 2 means that they can eat more than one meal a day .                                   
" It ' s so recent and me as a Mexican , it ' s hard for me to talk about this subject ," he said .                                           
I went into it with my eyes open but the pace of change is putting real stress on teachers , and as leaders we have to manage that .                                       
The salary cap in the women ' s game is just $ 150 , 000 - barely the wages of a middle - ranking A - League midfielder .                                       
" It didn ' t come as a surprise to me to be at that train station , but I do remember saying to my parents : " Why must I go on that train ?                           
So , I ' ve got a problem in general with this narrative , and those of you that have been with us for a while understand this .                                       
Their partner ' s income and assets are taken into account when the government works out how much welfare they are entitled to .                                                 
He was the first person who told me that I was beautiful or that I had something to offer the world , and he encouraged me to believe in my dreams , to go to New York .                     
But , you know , I ' ve loved every minute of playing for Australia , wearing the green and gold .                                                     
I found out about it while I was in Colombia , when I got a message through from one of the neighbours who had 18 - year - olds walk around the development looking in people ' s windows .                 
From the late 1980s to , let ' s say , the year 2000 , just about a dozen years , that air quality has been getting worse and worse .                                   
" From our side , it should have no effect because we will continue to work very hard to support the peace efforts in Syria and Yemen ," he said .                                   
Other issues include water stress , concerns over air pollution , changes to government policies and the challenge of carbon capture and storage technology , the report noted .                                       
Their quarterback Carson Palmer is 36 , but he too has just had his best - ever season after coming off major injury .                                                 
In fact she is so pleased with the results that she no longer feels the need to cover up her face with make - up .                                             
1 scoring option ," Jordan said , " so when he ' s out there ' s going to definitely be more opportunities and more looks for other guys .                                       
" It ' s as disappointing as we thought it was at the time ," said the former Ireland outside - half .                                                   
You have to love them , but you also have to make it clear you cannot enable the behavior that gets them in trouble .                                               
You know what , it ' s an election year and I think comfort foods are still going to be big .                                                     
If I don ' t see her and literally look after her like a special person that she is then she could fall apart .                                               
Don ' t believe those who talk Britain down , those who say we are too weak to control our own affairs .                                                   
" For every 20 minutes that you ' re working up close , take a 20 second break to look at something 20 feet further away ," she said .                                     
British special forces have been sent to Libya in a bid to halt the advance of the Islamic State , it has been reported .                                               
But he has now had two goes at the task and failed both times , so few will argue that it isn ' t time for a change and that he should pay in the traditional way , with his job .             
" We are still a team in progress , we have to improve a lot in certain aspects of the game ," he said .                                               
A growing number of lawmakers , including party leaders , now view Rubio as perhaps their best candidate to give the GOP the White House and keep control of Congress .                                   
The Bernie Sanders campaign is hoping to benefit from recent attacks by the White House and Hillary Clinton on his gun record .                                                   
He may have been valuable on the field , but whether he provided the kind of ambassador that we were looking for off the field was another thing .                                       
He added that permission has to be sought from the person being pictured before the image is published - or face a fine .                                                 
So unless tennis , you can start playing tennis when there ' s music in the background , that ' s a new rule .                                               
[ Also ] little information was given about important risks and some firms had a poor understanding of the relevant law ," the report said .                                             
" It ' s going to be my last year and I want to go out at the top ," he said .                                                   
The 43 forces recorded just under 100 , 000 sex offences in total , the highest figure since the current method of reporting began in 2003 .                                           
We help young kids get signed in and out of schools , so it ' s a lot more than that .                                                     
We ' re still a long way ahead of the game and we haven ' t let South Africa get ahead of us .                                                 
The glass , wood and stone box that holds a library and treatment rooms is the most impressive building of all .                                                     
China has total control over them ( North Korea ) and we have total control over China , if we had people who knew what they were doing , which we don ' t -- we have no leadership in this country .           
I had already decided that if no reform was possible , I was going to leave anyway this summer , a position I had shared with a number of colleagues .                                   
The planned new measures include increased police powers and potential house arrest for individuals returning from Syria and Iraq considered dangerous .                                                     
It was super tough and I was alone , in my kitchen truck , trying to cook , clean and shop and you ' re in a new place every day .                                 
In addition an increasing number of reports suggest that women and children are being sent ahead or trying to join their male relatives who already in destination countries .                                       
I ' ve had numerous conversations with Kim about trying to get her help and it just wasn ' t a conversation she wanted to have .                                           
What ' s more , younger drivers who typically face a much higher cost of cover , will face a more severe increase .                                                 
In 2015 , 19 teenagers were murdered in London , of whom 15 were stabbed to death , a third more than in the previous year .                                           
We ' re opening the restaurant today because it ' s our responsibility and that ' s what he ( would have ) wanted us to do and we will keep doing this as a normal business .                     
Officials said those taken into custody were a 32 - year - old woman , an 18 - year - old man and a minor .                                             
He also said the U . S will continue to press for the return of Americans who have been detained by Iran .                                                   
You have to look at what happened , work out why it happened and make the changes together that will stop it happening again .                                               
But our focus at the moment is going to be to improve the football we ' re playing with the personnel we ' re playing and we can still do that , regardless of waiting for players to come back .               
" My son was young and in peak fitness but he went to bed one night and didn ' t wake up ," he said .                                             
I certainly think that the big question is these courts would have to link into services somehow , and of course there have been cuts to local government services .                                     
So it ' s important to be identified early in the disease court when people don ' t have symptoms so they can get effective treatment .                                           
I hope in 2016 we learn to love each other a little bit more and the world becomes a safer place .                                                     
We ' re artists , too , we deserve to be a part of it and I think you saw that tonight .                                                   
So obviously nine is something that we didn ' t imagine , but it ' s something that we have to deal with .                                                 
In 2012 , Trump gave nothing , in 2013 he gave $ 6 , 000 and in 2014 he gave $ 16 , 000 , according to the report .                                     
" I think that even our friends who we work with on so many areas should not be immune from our criticism and our questions about rule of law about their treatment of minorities ," Clinton added .                     
In Clinton ' s case , 57 % of Republicans say she would be terrible and another 23 % predict poor .                                                     
The credit card company plans to cut $ 1 billion in spending in response to the strong dollar and tough competition .                                                     
In the coming weeks , we might learn how the fire started -- and find out what happened to the people in those houses .                                               
On Cruz ' s team , former Texas Gov . and failed 2012 and 2016 presidential candidate Rick Perry publicly endorsed his home - state senator .                                           
So instead , what I actually needed to do was to lock myself away and spend the year writing the best songs that I could .                                             
There ' s been a few cars which have gone in the river in the past 10 or 15 years we ' ve been here , but none as bad as this .                               
The guys that are at the top now , they can do that , and I don ' t know if Nick can yet .                                               
It is really a time to slow everything down and try to remember that most people don ' t really care about that stuff .                                               
" We need a debate about what British Islam will look like in ten years " time ," she told The Mail on Sunday .                                               
A 2014 Chinese study found that when people hear about how nice somebody is , they find the person ' s face more attractive .                                               
He said the work of the committee under Stanley was " very good and very valuable " and was " needed more than ever " given the government ' s decision to continue allowing sales of arms to Saudi Arabia despite concerns about their use in Yemen . 
That ' s the way it was for 95 % of church services in the United States this Sunday , I will guess .                                                 
But then , I think I ' m also better at it because of what comes with age and experience .                                                       
Meanwhile , Michael must have felt like the cat that got the cream as he sat close by the beauty ' s side .                                                 
All of which can only lead to one conclusion - Mr Trump is now going to be extremely difficult to stop .                                                     
There ' s no danger of sleep - walking out through the doors that lead down to a four - floor drop - they ' re locked shut .                                       
" Sometimes people in the military , at the lower levels , talk as if they want to be a pressure group ," says Clarke .                                             
Another man added that the fighters had killed seven people who refused to come with them to another district where they were making a stand .                                             
" If you look at what I ' ve been doing in the last six months since I ' ve been in the role as chief executive you ' ll see that we have continued to take action against the industry ," she said .       
But Clinton chose not to focus on her Democratic rivals on Monday , even as her one of her top campaign aides issued a statement to reporters calling Sanders ' approach to Wall Street reform into question .                     
We want to re - group institutions so that they can run as a single organisation , in terms of strategy , research and training .                                             
So yes , I would be willing to sit down with people from both sides and examine the evidence and make decisions based on what the evidence shows ," Carson said .                                 
There is no reason why we should not repeat that opposition as often as is necessary to do so ," he said .                                                   
Cruz says the nation doesn ' t need a deal - maker , it needs a " fighter " for conservative causes .                                                   
" As much as it is the other side of the world , it is the same as we do every day at home ," he said .                                         
Almost one in three men put in more than 48 hours a week and most of them wanted to work less .                                                     
Those who abuse the scheme make life harder for people who need to have access to places such as medical centres and social facilities .                                               
I love how it ' s just this little world here that no one can discover or appreciate unless you come .                                                     
" It is a little disappointing that she wasn ' t here today but , you know , maybe another time ," she said .                                               
And he was not a very conservative person , but he was pretty conservative and he ended up being a great president ," he said .                                             
I know the hours of the trains , so I know about what time each day the refugees will be appearing in the fields .                                               
As long as they survive across Syria and Iraq , it is difficult to say how the borders will settle .                                                       
" I ' m not sure what the terrorism is ; I don ' t see a violent act ," he said .                                                   
She ' s not alone , saying the store sold " about $ 5 , 000 worth of tickets yesterday .                                                       
That means putting more effort where we ' ve traditionally been less popular , rather than focusing on our base , or our key areas .                                             
Police received a report of the alleged rape around the time it happened , but the teenager declined to make a statement .                                                   
A majority of our district ' s students comes from lower - income families , and many of our students ' parents had been laid off or were forced to work reduced hours .                             
We leave one seat empty in the First Lady ' s State of the Union guest box for the victims of gun violence who no longer have a voice - because they need the rest of us to speak for them .             
" It has been fair game going back to the Republicans for some years ," said the former secretary of state .                                                     
The manager of the bus explains the rules for the trip , though it ' s a journey he never makes .                                                     
Since 1992 , the group has reached more than 10 , 000 individuals and helped more than 1 , 200 of them transition into housing .                                             
I ' m not sure if any tax has been paid in those countries ,' a No 10 source said .                                                       
But I also think it ' s good to settle down now and get some rest and then try to work hard again , play hard again , because the next one is coming and it ' s not going to be easy .         
I always wanted my movies to do well , and I don ' t traditionally make movies that do well , it ' s always that struggle .                                         
At the age of 16 , he was sent to the high court in Edinburgh and convicted without a lawyer .                                                       
If a petition was launched and it gained enough popularity , the government would be asked to make the case to the Queen .                                                 
" You wanted his life to matter so much , and he died young , and in a lot of ways his life will only matter if we make it matter ," she said .                           
She passed last night and we were not with her as we are back in Florida , but she was in hospital with her son Robert , he was by her side .                               
I ' m sponsored by people like Thomas , a part - time Uber driver in Pennsylvania who sent me $ 25 this week .                                               
Fox Business announced last month that its January 14 debate would include the top six candidates based on the average of the five most recent national polls , as well as those who finish in the top five in Iowa or New Hampshire .         
If we were British , we would make most of our profits in the UK and we ' d be paying a lot more tax in the UK .                                       
They ' re telling people to get on with it now and hoping they can fix the balance sheet later .                                                       
Both teams have shown they are capable of beating the best this season , yet a challenge in the Premier League remains beyond their reach .                                             
But there are some areas that I wish people would respect why , if I am being a little more private , that there ' s reason for that , especially if we have been so open in many areas of our life .         
The results indicate that in the past it ' s been considered good enough just to win a cap for England , without winning for England .                                           
" I ' ve been around a long time ; people have thrown all kinds of things at me ," she said .                                                   
The public could easily vote to leave the European Union in a referendum later this year , if the latest opinion polls give an accurate picture of voting intention .                                     
I thought in the second half they ( Port ) worked out a few things that were working for us , and it probably took us ( as players ) a little bit of time to realise that they ' d worked out what we were doing . 
It ' s too early to say about this year , but going by the past week , it ' s worse .                                                   
It ' s designed to give people a much deeper understanding than they might get just by reading newspapers or listening to the radio .                                               
We recognize the very real concerns of our community , and I so appreciate all of you who have reached out to me in our effort to move forward together .                                   
Prime Minister David Cameron has promised to hold a referendum on the UK ' s membership of the EU by the end of 2017 although it is thought the vote could take place this year .                         
Although I ' m not exactly being very positive with myself , I ' m still making it very difficult for my opponents and fighting hard for every point .                                     
In the short - term , I expect prices to rise as buyers try to purchase before the April deadline and prices could fall after that date .                                         
The guidance covers measures you can take in your places of work , at home , and while you and your staff are on the move .                                           
We don ' t want to take anything away from the traditional families ... but our families also exist , our children exist and our children need to have both of their parents recognised .                           
He said the collection was about " telling an urban tale that may or may not exist , with characters that fall into one room then fall into another room .                                   
The White House also confirmed on Sunday that Mr Obama had invited a Syrian refugee to sit in the First Lady ' s box for the State of the Union address on Tuesday .                             
Here ' s why you should take a mental health day now ) Yet art therapy is not only about learning and improving yourself - it ' s a means of personal expression , too .                         
As we have done with players here in the past once they perform and play to their potential they have no fear about their future .                                             
The UK government hopes to get that deal when David Cameron next meets other EU leaders on 18 and 19 February .                                                     
" I can ' t carry on going to work , I can ' t look after my horse , I can ' t cook tea and I can ' t even clean my teeth in the morning ," she said .             
However we are very concerned about the possibility of the oil price remaining lower for longer as it would have serious implications for the industry .                                             
They show he held a " general discussion " with Google in April 2012 , months after he was made Cabinet Secretary .                                                   
I keep telling people it ' s not me and he doesn ' t work here , but they don ' t believe me .                                               
At the time we had tens of thousands of refugees , so it is true that we didn ' t do the registration as it should have been done , but with the number of machines we had , we did our best .         
' I hit her three times in total , the first time to make her aware I had this bottle in my hand and if she didn ' t let go of the knife I could make her .                   
However , the army ' s former chief legal adviser in Iraq has criticised the crackdown on legal claims against Iraq veterans .                                                   
They are also more likely to wake during the night , with 36 per cent of women reporting this problem compared with 23 per cent of men .                                         
This is now the main story in tennis , in ( the ) sports world , there ' s going to be a lot of allegations .                                           
" What our campaign is about is thinking big , not small ," said Sanders , a U . S . senator from Vermont .                                               
I am determined that , for the SNP , education will be front and centre of our plans for a third term in government .                                               
It was fantastic for all of us to play our part , because obviously we ' ve been sitting there waiting for a little bit - but we all probably knew that as well .                           
It almost forces him to look at his own game , become a bit more independent and think for himself .                                                       
Now , after 18 months , we ' re starting to see a bit of reward for the hard work we put in over the first six or so which , maybe , people didn ' t always acknowledge from the outside .           
This book will serve as a lasting tribute to my beautiful daughter , who I will always be proud of .                                                       
At least 27 , 000 people have been wounded as 80 percent of the population is in need of humanitarian aid , according to UN figures .                                           
I am used to trying things out in a smaller , safer environment and you don ' t get the opportunity to do that first here .                                           
Now Sam can grow up here and have the childhood I did , near the beaches , playing sport , just what you would want .                                             
But here in the camps are the people who can ' t get away and , as you can see from the pictures , they are mostly the women and the children .                               
One last question , if one of our viewers happens to win , what do you do once you realize you ' ve got the winning ticket ?                                         
I think if we get the practical support right then let ' s look at what additional funding is there and what else we can do .                                           
But we are moving stadium , we are talking and acting like we are going to try - not overnight - but trying to go up as a club .                                     
She says that concerns over growth in China , the prospect of rising US interest rates and the possibility that low oil prices might force some oil companies out of business are the main concerns for investors .                     
It is now thought that rates are unlikely to change until late this year or even 2017 as officials battle to keep the UK recovery on track .                                         
The bottom line is that right now we need more responsibility in how we use our water , not less .                                                       
Police have released an image from the CCTV footage of a person who they believe can assist them with their investigation .                                                     
" I think it made it a lot easier as far as them allowing me to come back and get back into the game of football ," he said .                                     
The end result was the defeat which keeps Leicester City on top of the table and left Arsenal with just two points from a possible nine .                                           
When I got that call about the nomination , I was incredibly happy ; and now this , I am so happy , so delighted .                                             
Once a deal on Mr Cameron ' s proposed reforms is reached , the UK will hold a referendum on its EU membership - promised by the end of 2017 .                                   
I just had pace , really , and a little bit of a trick so he has a bit more than me at his age .                                             
Since earlier this year , Clinton has been under fire for using a private email account and private server to conduct business , rather than an official State Department address .                                   
George began to give those dinner parties for which he would become famous and remain so , for more than 60 years .                                                   
The contract rose 85 cents , or 2 . 7 percent , to close at $ 32 . 30 a barrel on Wednesday in New York .                                           
The law is clear on this issue - the local authority must assess the needs of children with complex needs and secure appropriate support to meet those needs .                                       
I don ' t think it ' s got anything to do with the outside viewers and that sort of stuff .                                                     
Do you think your audience is seeing that joy that your entire crew has just being together and then wants to be a part of it ?                                           
At the time , the market ' s disappointed reaction resulted in a 3 % rally in euro - dollar exchange rate .                                                   
He says in TV he ' s heard people express concern that a mainstream audience don ' t want to watch " ethnic " stories .                                             
The independent senator says Australia must investigate Google ' s tax record after the tech giant agreed to pay back millions in taxes to the UK .                                           
Her second daughter , a high school junior , is working on a project focusing on creating awareness about homeless kids in her school district for her Gold Award .                                     
If you don ' t accept the explanation on Brown , well then James played for two head coaches between 2005 - 14 .                                                 
They have the decision - making skills - plus the local knowledge of regular patients - to know when someone needs to be taken to hospital and when they are better off staying where they are .                       
" Unfortunately , they went out and they made some serious , serious mistakes in trying to prove they should get credit and it turned out really badly ," he said .                                 
" I don ' t know if that was aimed at me ... perhaps ," Trump said after the service .                                                       
We ' ve got to address that first before we can start attacking someone else ' s awards that were never designed for us .                                               
She would actively avoid people she knew and even get up early to apply make - up before her partner saw her .                                                   
" It might cost up to $ 50 , 000 for a big home in a very high risk location ," Mr Francis said .                                               
He then added : " Your eyes are beautiful , hopefully we can win this game and then we can have a drink after as well .                                             
' I know it ' s difficult to find someone who makes you feel this way and I ' m never ever going to take it for granted ,' he continued .                                 
The Lakers will get a third try , but they ' ll do so on the second night of a back - to - back .                                             
However , he did state that he was keeping the jail sentence ' as short as I can ' because of his young children .                                               
I was one woman alone in the most dangerous place in the world - 4 , 000 miles from home - around some of the most dangerous people in the world .                                 
I knew that it was going to be tough and I played some really , really good tennis out there today .                                                     
But on the other hand it doesn ' t matter if you think it ' s exciting or not ; it ' s what ' s going to happen .                                     
He is alleged to have said : ' She might live up these ways but her people are from real places that do real things .                                               
How long has it taken the world to come to a sort of consensus about climate change ?" he said .                                                       
This will take the online retailer ' s workforce in Britain to more than 14 , 500 by the end of 2016 .                                                   
There will always be a Bush or Clinton for you , if you want to go back to war in Iraq .                                                     
The 34 - year - old New York production manager was working late one Friday night in October when he went outside for a smoke .                                             
If it doesn ' t sell papers then they ' re not going to write about it , that ' s the disappointing thing because a lot of players , most of the players I know , do a lot of things for charity .       
" The speed at which this investigation has moved today has been nothing less than incredible ," Wilson said Saturday .                                                       
It can ' t be about box office , because I think black actors and stories along those lines have been doing very , very well , obviously .                                       
Once a champion of refugees ' rights , Denmark ' s goal is now to make itself less attractive for asylum - seekers .                                                 
He said : ' I was 21 and although the therapy taught that there was no such thing as love between two people of the same sex , I had fallen in love with another boy .                         
They should list the current value of the state pension built up alongside the age at which people will be eligible to receive the income , and how they can build up retirement funds .                           
But Trump pushed back against that option , saying that there are numerous other routes the administration can take to prevent mass shootings .                                                 
At least nine people were taken to local hospitals after the attack shortly before 1 p . m ., according to a tweet from Denver Health .                                           
But the Saint Michael Family isn ' t just about the fight club and training , it has always been so much more .                                                 
She hadn ' t met him and didn ' t know his name , but she was worried about him because of the weather .                                               
And how can we make sure that we encourage businesses into schools in those parts of the country that get nothing ?                                                     
Although the risk of harm to the baby is low if they have drunk small amounts of alcohol before becoming aware of the pregnancy , there is no ' safe ' level of alcohol to drink when you are pregnant .               
Let ' s just -- let me get this out of the way : I love my mother more than my dad .                                                   
There are 200 million cases of the illness each year , which keeps parents out of work and children from school .                                                     
For that young man to do what he did today , I can ' t even imagine what he ' s going through .                                                 
The party ' s approach to welfare and immigration issues was also not accepted by the voters , the report said .                                                     
After an expensive Christmas season it would be nice to come across a little extra cash in January , right ?                                                       
But then I got my act together - I also gave up smoking because I realised that cigarettes were killing me as well - and before I knew it I had put on a stone .                         
Obama ' s public comments reflect a long - held belief in his world that Clinton would carry on the work he started .                                                 
The police force needs to exercise common sense when deciding which calls to take seriously because , for example , of mental health issues , but we as taxpayers need to be more responsible too .                         
In October , Lisa gave birth to their son , Alexander John - using his dad ' s middle name and Lisa ' s father ' s name .                                       
All I can say about Tom Brady is he plays the position the way it ' s supposed to be played .                                                     
Don ' t get me wrong , I love those things , too , but I think there ' s room for both .                                                 
This will do us the world of good and we ' ll get a bit of fitness out of it too .                                                     
Where people once felt guilty if they didn ' t buy an Australian car , they worried about what their neighbours might think , the announcement of the closure of the car industry has removed that .                       
We thought it would be really cool if we could help businesses clean the air and then display it ," he said .                                                   
But if you actually use them , those devices can help you keep track of the 150 minutes of moderate activity you need a week .                                             
He told the BBC Radio 4 Today programme : ' Our first challenge is to get the right deal and we are making good progress on that .                                           
Djokovic said that he was not directly approached but members of his support team were offered the money in Russia in 2007 , an offer the player said was immediately rejected .                                 
Asked what made him decide to stop the alleged relationship , he said : ' Because it was wrong , because I ' m 15 .                                               
While we understand he will be missed by many , the family ask that their privacy is respected at this time ," his family said , in a statement on Sunday .                                 
" To be able to see her after all these years , I am looking forward to that ," said Thomas .                                                     
Reporter : With Clinton now facing a possible upset in Iowa and New Hampshire , she is turning up the heat .                                                     
A new ISIS video has raised questions about the identity of a British militant and concerns about security in the United Kingdom .                                                   
I would like to say to mothers here in the UK please don ' t take the risk that you might wake up one day and find your daughter has fled to Syria .                             
It has held the balance of power in talks to form a regional government since elections last September awarded a majority to pro - independence parties .                                           
That ' s why you ' ll see 12 men on our defense and 14 players on our offense , including two tight ends from the same school .                                       
" She has just had no luck in her races because she gets back and runs on and there has been no speed for her ," Martin said .                                       
On my mother ' s side , my grandfather died before I knew him and my grandmother developed Alzheimer ' s so they weren ' t a huge part of my life .                               
She decided to continue taking photos to share with friends and loved ones on Facebook at every step of her treatment .                                                     
Speaking to The Independent on Sunday from her office in Westminster , Ms Miller insisted that the " overwhelming " reaction to her report has been positive .                                         
The training , which begins with a one - day course for housing professionals in January , could be offered to social care workers across the industry if they prove a success .                               
" It ' s good to do another year here and to learn a lot again because you never stop learning ," he said .                                               
Europe was Iran ' s largest trading partner before the sanctions and Italy was second only the Germany , with seven billion euros in trade , falling to 1 . 5 billion after the sanctions .                         
But isn ' t he - perhaps the most openly pro - European Conservative minister since Ken Clarke - in a minority on this issue ?                                             
He ' s not in my opinion the sort of guy who ' s going to spend six , seven , eight months sitting at home doing nothing in particular .                                   
I thought about making a formal complaint but I ' ve decided to leave his fate in the hands of God .                                                     
Mourinho has been out of work since being sacked by Chelsea in December following their poor start to the season , despite his team winning the Premier League in the previous campaign .                               
' Most of us who spend part of our lives in Washington know to expect the worst when it comes to snow ,' he said .                                             
So this year , I asked the Radio City public relations people if I could spend a day with them or shoot behind the scenes of a show .                                       
When this week ' s deadline passed , supporters had contributed more than £ 5 , 350 , which will allow multiple issues to be produced throughout 2016 .                                       
NFL ownership has committed $ 300 million to assist in the cost of building a new stadium in San Diego .                                                       
You ' d hope the kids would come back with a strong will to prove people wrong and do better .                                                       
' I see so many girls I know get treated badly , and I wanted to make sure my son didn ' t grow up to be like that ,' she said .                               
She ' s one of the most talented young players on tour , and she ' s got a personality to match .                                                   
The victim was a 22 - year - old woman , who was alone with eight young male residents at a home for asylum - seekers .                                           
Former prime minister Tony Abbott has given grass roots followers the clear impression he will carry on as an MP .                                                       
If you ' ve always thought about doing it but never quite got round it to , what ' s stopping you ?                                                   
One of the men being sought by police is described as black and the other as possibly Asian or Eastern European .                                                     
They ' ve recently released a video saying they ' ll attack the UK - what are your thoughts on that ?                                                     
How many of our at - risk youth could fill those spots if they had the access that they needed ?                                                       
Mr Davis says that while the images of actors who have later played the characters he works on are in the back of his mind , he tries to focus on the authors ' words instead .                       
" He would never , ever want to hurt somebody , but he does believe in defending freedom , and he knew the risks involved ," said Brown , one of 11 children .                             
The feature is available to iPhone users first and will roll out to " other platforms in the coming weeks ," according to a press release .                                           
" You ' re putting relationships on the line for this country because you ' re willing to make America great again ," she said at the rally .                                       
Kerry acknowledged that " our differences will continue to test us " but stressed that when the United States and China are able to work together , including on the Iran nuclear deal and climate change , the world benefits .               
" Newcastle is a fantastic club with great fans , a great stadium and great tradition ," he told the club ' s website .                                               
A total of 86 . 1 % of Queensland was declared drought - affected in December , with the extended dry spell taking a heavy toll on farmers .                                       
He put things into words which I thought you wouldn ' t be able to express , through his music .                                                       
That said , they also look vulnerable at the back and have kept only one clean sheet all season - against Newcastle , who can barely buy a goal at the best of times .                           
Cameron will be hosted on Friday by the leaders of the EU ' s executive Commission and the European Parliament , amid signs on both sides that they want a deal .                                 
I didn ' t like it for some reason , well , almost cold tea with no sugar , and I didn ' t drink it any more .                                       
French officials say a man armed with a knife was shot to death by officers at a police station in northern Paris .                                                   
They only gave Danny a few days , but he didn ' t want to know how long he had left so we never spoke about it .                                         
The report ' s principal - and most expensive - suggestion is the expansion of long - term housing for the homeless .                                                   
Still , " Don ' t ask my mother what she thinks " about Trump , he added as an aside .                                                       
' I wanted to do so many things , but I could never seem to find the time ,' she says .                                                     
' She was due to start a new job when the accident happened but lost it because she couldn ' t get to it afterwards .                                             
One of Labour ' s first openly gay MPs , she formed a civil partnership with her long - term partner in 2008 .                                                 
We are in the last 16 and the target is always to win in the Champions League and will continue to be so and we ' ll try to make it possible .                               
Other reasons stated by those returning to their childhood home included a better chance of being able to afford to buy a property .                                                 
I had one shot to get out of where I am , so that was way more pressure than I ' m having pressure right now .                                           
" If you are in Australia , please help me by writing to your MP , especially South Australia , to help bring change ," he said in another post .                                   
An 18 - year - old Maryland man was arrested and charged with first - degree murder in the death of a 13 - year - old old Virginia girl Saturday .                                 
If they want to get serious about the northern economy they should stop moving civil service jobs to London , and start providing proper support instead of empty promises .                                     
I was looking for something to wear until the last moment , wanting something a bit eye - opening , and at the last moment someone gave me this suit , which I still have .                         
At stake is one of the world ' s largest and fastest - growing internet markets outside China , which bars foreign digital services such as Facebook from entering .                                     
We had a house full of camera crew and sometimes we ' d both be working for eight hours , come back home , and the crew would want us to do filming .                             
His 11 - week ban came at a high cost , ruling him out of the British and Irish Lions tour to Australia .                                                 
As the representative of my colleagues , I continued to share their desire in union meetings and one - on - ones with officials , but I was met with resistance every time .                             
As a child he was a fan of Manchester United football club and the band S Club 7 , according to a 1996 school year book published by The Sun .                                   
He went to primary school - which doesn ' t exist now - late , around the age of 11 .                                                       
One American service member was killed and two wounded Tuesday in southern Afghanistan , the U . S . military said in a statement .                                               
" He ' s obviously as very smart and talented young man with a very bright future ," he said .                                                       
I quoted Trump sources last week as saying that they would hit back at negative spots many times harder , given that The Donald is funding his own campaign .                                     
As people seek to come to terms with what has happened , they should be careful not to victim - blame .                                                     
Mr Corbyn , who made the call for talks with Argentina last weekend , did not respond to the challenges at the meeting , sources said .                                           
If we are ever to compete with the best education systems in the world , we need to expect a lot more from our children .                                             
This month ' s release was supposed to be the final one and include just over 9 , 000 pages of documents -- the largest number to date .                                       
" This decision will provide the union the time it needs to focus on a number of important issues for its membership ," she said .                                             
Trump ' s call to build a wall along the country ' s southern border is a high point at many rallies .                                                   
I was close to my brother , who is three years older than me , but we would fight now and again , just like normal brothers and sisters do .                                   
They said their teachers were not Syrian and could be brutal , sometimes beating them , but on the other hand the food was better than what their parents could give them .                               
Venezuela ' s Foreign Ministry did not immediately return a request for comment on its lost vote in the General Assembly .                                                     
On a more positive note the report shows that 14 UK cities have hit the target for " high - wage , low - welfare " economies .                                         
The Fed may signal at its March 15 meeting whether it will end the program on schedule or extend it .                                                       
There were even questions about whether Trump truly wanted to be president or if he was just in the race for the attention .                                                 
And though she ' s done some prison time repeatedly , she probably got away with her crimes more often than she got caught , authorities have said .                                       
I feel as though it ' s becoming incredibly modern , and in contact with the world , and not isolated , and doing good things for its people .                                     
For Christie , showing signs of life , and Kasich , New Hampshire also represents a make - or - break moment .                                                   
The new guidance , from the UK ' s chief medical officers , says that no level of regular drinking is without risk to health .                                             
But we wouldn ' t expect the sort of weather we ' ve had in December to become normal in the UK for many decades .                                             
" Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory ," read an image she posted on Saturday .                                             
The reports also alleged tennis regulators hadn ' t acted against those players , including some who were set to play at the first major tournament of the season .                                     
" From our experience as days go by , the numbers will fill up and everyone will come back to school ," he said .                                               
The actress was later sentenced to one day of community service , with the promise that the charges would be dismissed if she stayed out of trouble for six months .                                   
Apple ' s head of retail was paid more than $ 70 million in her first year with the company .                                                       
Because to me , there seems to be two sets of rules : one for the real world and one for the cyber world .                                               
" I think we should start studying what investments we need to make in communities to help individuals and families and communities move forward ," she said .                                         
It could take weeks before the true nature of the test is confirmed by outside experts - if they are able to do so at all .                                           
Britain is used to conducting things as it wanted to conduct them , but it can ' t any more ," he claimed .                                                 
It had long been a tradition for presidential candidates to speak at the State House ahead of New Hampshire ' s first - in - the - nation primary .                                     
Jonathan , the world ' s oldest living land animal , has gained weight and become more active thanks to the new diet , according to news reports .                                       
Facebook has achieved some pretty spectacular results in other areas of artificial intelligence , but I think Google has beaten them to this particularly important challenge .                                           
Clinton has said she didn ' t send or receive information that was classified at the time via her personal email account , which was run on a private server at her New York home .                         
Europe ' s single market brings us cheaper flights , making it more affordable to see away games across Europe .                                                       
The Melbourne Council spokeswoman said it was not an unusual practice , especially in summer , adding that the council very rarely received complaints about it .                                           
It was 5 : 00 - 5 : 30 and I was waiting and waiting at the place and didn ' t see anything and was about to leave .                                     
In other words , talk it over with a health professional and see which parts of this advice you should be listening to .                                                 
The key to any recovery is not to get someone who the Scottish people see as a potential prime minister .                                                       
" It would be better for David Cameron , if he does get a deal at the February European council , to leave more time between that deal and the point of decision ," she said .                       
A man on a business trip to the US says he was held for 13 hours " with little food or water " then thrown out of the country because of his skin colour .                           
" I describe myself as a leader of sorts and some senior players have to put their hand up and fill those roles ," he said .                                           
The research found that a third of 18 to 24 year olds cannot afford to move away while 36 per cent of the same age group said they returned in a bid to enjoy a better quality of life .                 
Although Clinton does post many of her plans on the White House and her campaign has detailed how he plans to pay for them , so , too , has Sanders .                                 
She added he had visited her and " stayed for seven hours ," returning the following day to offer £ 1 , 000 for the copyright of several of the photographs .                                 
The ratings are on a scale from 0 to 100 , with 0 being the lowest possible sense of well - being and 100 being the highest .                                         
' The show will be half in English and half in French and so we will see how it does , I ' m a bit worried that not enough French people speak English well enough .                       
In announcing his intention to stand again , Tony Abbott has stated he wants to focus on improving transport links on the northern beaches .                                               
Just a few months later her dad John died of diabetes at the age of 51 - further pushing size 32 Lisa to shift the pounds as she had also been warned she was at risk of the disease .                 
I ' m hoping if I can make around two , two and a half hours , I ' ll be feeling pretty good .                                               
22 : If you planned to begin that trip to London or Rome on this day , hold off another 24 hours .                                                   
Murray has reached the final at Melbourne Park four times in the past six years and his failure to go all the way has inspired a new early - season strategy .                                 
In 2012 , a British tourist ' s tweet caused the U . S . to deny him entry into the country .                                                   
With the bridge down , residents on one side face a 10 mile drive to reach the doctor ' s surgery on the other , and businesses are also being affected .                                 
Having knowledge of the system I know that the order about such a killing of a citizen of another country on its territory , especially if it is something to do with Great Britain , could have been given by only one person .         
They come occasionally to the villages , will have a girlfriend and maybe get one girl pregnant but then they will go away again .                                               
They ' re trying to , you know , solve the problems that they ' ve had in the past because they were both weak on it .                                         
" It ' s time for us to grow up and stand on our own two feet ," he said .                                                       
' I don ' t really want to say much more than that because what went on between us is a private matter .                                                 
And if they continue to give that , win , lose or draw , the club moves forward ," he said .                                                     
It meant Mr Cameron was the first Tory Prime Minister to send his child to a state secondary school while in office .                                                   
The party said 28 % of those aged 16 - 34 in Scotland now own their home with a mortgage - the lowest level since the Scottish Parliament was established in 1999 .                               
" We have a set of policies to try to solve this issue , which is one of this government ' s main challenges ," he said after his meeting with the French president .                           
' It was a life I lived when I was young and it is for young people because it is very demanding ,' she explained .                                             
When I would make my meals for my family , I would double it and bring a meal over to her house .                                                   
The recent decline in Apple ' s stock indicated that investors were preparing themselves for a let - down in the company ' s March forecast .                                           
" The ACT will usually have a reasonable yield based on the strong public service support of the housing sector ," he said .                                                 
To be honest , we didn ' t say anything to him in either innings - that ' s just the way he went out and played .                                         
A great - grandmother who almost died from a heart attack on a flight to Australia is on life support in a Singapore hospital and her family need to find £ 100 , 000 to get home home .                   
For days I heard nothing from them - it was unclear whether they had been arrested again trying to leave Turkey or whether they had fallen victim to the sea , as at least 10 people do every day .                 
The mother of a baby girl allegedly killed by her own grandfather could be out of hospital early this week .                                                       
A woman believed to be the man ' s partner was also detained but released when police realised they had got the wrong person .                                               
U . S . crude rose 92 cents , or 2 . 8 percent , to $ 33 . 22 a barrel in New York .                                             
In the end , they were aggressive and really wanting to get a good result and we didn ' t have that enough .                                                 
Once that had been identified and removed , he may have told the gang they could have their pick of whatever was there .                                                 
One day the great Mike Murphy was reading the news and Terry went in and set the bottom of the news sheet he was reading on fire .                                         
Ryan won ' t be able to implement the replacement package either with Obama still in the White House in 2016 -- if it does in fact get that far .                                   
It ' s hard enough going to prison for something you didn ' t do , then you got to do it all over again ?                                             
The data will also say what type of health condition the person has and the location of where the note was issued .                                                   
After a very strong year at the box office for Australian films in 2015 , will the success carry over to 2016 ?                                                   
" She has long since become part of the entertainment business , which is what she has in common with Trump ," he wrote in an email .                                         
A yellow warning for snow and ice is also in place for much of Scotland , Northern Ireland , north west and north east England .                                             
Clinton supporter Morgan Smith , a 25 - year - old graduate student who is from Minnesota but will vote in Iowa this year , said she wasn ' t nervous about Sanders ' rise .                         
When there ' s a hot part in town and the guys are reading for it , that ' s just what happens .                                                 
" She realised that the things she had done in her youth helped women for their independence ," said Lewis Martin .                                                     
She became editor of the programme three years later after he had been made head of music and arts for BBC TV .                                                   
More than 1 million people from countries like Syria , Iraq or Afghanistan entered Europe last year in the biggest migration to the continent since World War II .                                       
Home Secretary Theresa May is due to give the UK government ' s response to the findings in a statement to the House of Commons later .                                           
She was also fined £ 5 , 000 ($ 10 , 000 ) and ordered to promise that she would charge fair and reasonable fees in future .                                         
It ' s another to be in a controlled environment , like an airport , where there are a thousand cameras everywhere .                                                   
But the coalition government decided to speed up the process in 2011 , resulting in the state pension age for women increasing to 65 in November 2018 and then to 66 by October 2020 .                           
He was later cleared thanks to developments in DNA science and serious concerns were raised about the police investigation into that case .                                                   
The paper says Russia ' s " independent domestic and foreign policy " has triggered a " counter - action " from the US and its allies .                                         
There is potential for significant changes to both sides from the teams that finished the one - day series in Sydney on Saturday .                                                 
He then asked if he wanted ice cream and got up to get us three ice cream bars , again not paying .                                                   
' We ' ve already had several witnesses come forward and I ' d ask anyone else who has information about what happened to contact us as soon as possible .                                   
Whether there ' s any truth to that claim remains a matter of debate , but the announcement alone has had an impact on both sides of the Korean border .                                   
We still need the community ' s help to rid these offenders from the streets of Manchester , so , if you have any information that could help our investigation , please get in touch .                         
The state faced a $ 26 billion budget deficit when Brown took office in 2011 , forcing deep cuts to social welfare programs , schools and universities .                                         
As ever , the safety and care of patients is our top priority , and the NHS has robust plans in place to ensure those who need emergency treatment will continue to receive it .                           
Most people can provide that easily , but the nature of being a refugee means you usually can ' t .                                                       
I also remember that she came here with a friend and an English guy , he ' s also an artist .                                                     
I feel as if I am waiting for a court ' s verdict , and it ' s impossible to know whether I am going to be declared innocent or guilty .                                 
But playing a defensive , counter - attacking game on the break is just not City ' s style these days .                                                     
Now , though , had come my chance to find out what each of these foods was really doing to my body .                                                   
Both fled back to Russia and did not return to Britain to give evidence at the year - long inquiry , which returned its findings on Thursday .                                         
All officers could do was clear the area , according to the report , with the huge number of suspects making it impossible to make arrests .                                           
" I just see cars ," said Jackson , who was with about 50 students going from Washington home to Kansas City , Missouri .                                               
It ' s political opponents that have come together to try and use my personal life to cause trouble and to try and gain political capital , which they ' re welcome to do - that ' s up to them .             
She knows nothing will bring her son back but hopes changes are made so no other mother has to go through what she has gone through .                                           
I heard comments , people saying to me they didn ' t know if it was a band , a singer , they didn ' t know anything about it .                                   
Unfortunately , this student is now being treated in hospital for a head injury and his condition is currently causing serious concern .                                                   
It ' s a message that has won him support among voices like The New York Times , which announced its endorsement of Kasich Saturday .                                             
A California boy and his mom are trying to crack a mystery : finding the writer of a 28 - year - old message in a bottle he found on New Year ' s Eve .                         
It can have a devastating effect for the rest of their lives and there is no doubt that this had had a significant impact on his young victim , who will now have to live with this for her life .               
I think we can assume the previous tests they ' ve carried out have been devices too large to fit onto a missile .                                                 
More than one million migrants reached Europe in 2015 , most of whom were refugees fleeing war and violence in Syria , Afghanistan and Iraq , according to the United Nations refugee agency .                             
There was more flooding in Glasgow , while in other parts of the country high winds left hundreds of homes without power as severe weather continued to blast areas north of the border .                             
I just don ' t see it as anything that will in any way cause any voter to - a voter with an open mind - to have any concerns .                                   
But what we try is to create a situation where younger players know it is not important to get the highest wages in your life in the first year of your career .                               
It won ' t be easy to get people to risk their money on stories they may not recognise , or stars that don ' t look as familiar .                                     
In addition to the 31 suspects detained by federal officers , city police arrested two men from North Africa , aged 16 and 23 , early Friday .                                         
" It feels like for five days I ' ve been held on almost every single flight ," he said .                                                       
" I really , really , really would like your vote ," Kasich told potential voters at an event in New Boston , New Hampshire .                                             
Oxford , a top - flight team 30 years ago before dropping back into non - League football from 2006 - 10 , are third in League Two , with the top three in May due to go up .                 
The 27 - year - old has been revealed to have had the biggest - selling album of 2015 , despite the fact it was only released in late November .                                   
I think it shows an improvement in my second serve , which is good but I still think I can play better .                                                   
One day , during her time as governor , my editor pointed out a picture of her in our newspaper one day .                                                   
Once the application has been filed , the process can take years , and refugees would have to pay the transportation costs of family members they bring to the country .                                   
I think it ' s like any other part of your body , your mental health , it gets sick and it needs treatment .                                               
All I feel is that it ' s very sad that Mrs Blair got the wrong end of the stick and dropped this catch .                                               
The Muslim population will rise further as a result of the unprecedented surge in refugees from Middle Eastern and North African countries trying to reach Western Europe in the past year .                                 
The teen , named only as Michelle , told how she was surrounded by a group of 30 " angry " men who launched at her and her friends , in attacks that sparked anger about the country ' s open door policy for migrants .     
I think it served me well , and staying patient in these past two playoff games definitely served our team well .                                                     
It ' s about showing patients there is no difference in the treatment they receive , regardless of a doctor ' s race and colour ,' he said .                                       
Her white , Scottish friends have the same educational background ; they take part in the same after - school activities and have the same experiences .                                           
Rather than talking about how popular they are , how great they are , he ' s doing it because he sees a huge need and it ' s not being filled by anybody ," she said in the video .               
And particularly not us , because he likes control and thought there might be a risk we would use the back door to go straight to the prime minister .                                     
He see where the opponent will hit ... He ' s a very smart player , and I ' m sure he ' s going to be playing better and better [ in a ] few years .                     
" I ' m Mexican , and I get angry when , in the United States , people say bad things about Mexico , and I defend Mexico ," she said .                                 
I don ' t do it to talk back to any people that believe it ' s not possible or ' He got a lucky year ' or something .                                     
A lot of people forget they ' ve sent these messages and when you present them with these pieces of their past , it ' s almost like time travel .                                   
So I ' ve been seeing the same thing since 2003 and I thought it would be nice to see something that I haven ' t seen before .                                       
" He was a young man who had been out for a night on the town , hadn ' t caused any issues or any concerns ," he said .                                     
A student who was just returning from lunch when the shots were fired Friday said his friends ran past him urging him to get out .                                             
They don ' t know how it ' s going to affect me , you know , if I kill them or hurt them .                                               
This new Twitter account has one simple purpose : to show you what you would look like as a dog .                                                       
While Australian Rugby League Commission chairman John Grant insists the new chief executive must have a love and knowledge for rugby league , the NRL has expanded its search across the country in a bid to find the right person to lead the game .       
But that ' s changed and there are times I feel like I ' ve been taken for a massive ride .                                                     
I know there is a lot of money involved , but at the end of the day it ' s about entertainment .                                                   
Meanwhile yellow " be aware " warnings for up to four inches of rain , snow and ice are in place across much of the UK .                                           
This series will show how and why those changes took place , and it will naturally raise questions about our present and our future .                                               
" I felt that it was important for people to know the truth about these people , and what they were doing ," Graham .                                               
But the war is further complicated by the presence of an Isis affiliate in the country , which is fighting both sides , and Al - Qaeda in Yemen , who have taken over the country ' s eastern coast .               
From January , he will be working with a new American administration as Barack Obama ends his eight years in office .                                                     
Chancellor George Osborne is due to announce changes in his budget on 16 March , following a seven - month inquiry by the Treasury .                                               
A former local MP compared the red paint to the yellow stars that Jews were forced to wear in Nazi Germany .                                                     
" India is probably closer to the high inequality countries of the world like Brazil or South Africa , than to the US or Europe ," he says .                                       
Britain is Google ' s biggest foreign market , and the UK wing has four times as many staff as Google France .                                                   
It ' s just a different way of looking at something that other people aren ' t willing to put in the time for .                                               
There is also a concern that if they delay the currency will fall further and they will get less for their money .                                                   
However , Mr Hamilton said his officials had sought to engage with union leaders on a 2015 - 16 settlement since 4 January 2015 .                                               
She told the BBC Radio 4 Today programme : ' Simon hasn ' t got a stop button when he starts to drink .                                                   
We don ' t want people to die young of diseases like Alzheimer ' s , heart disease and cancer .                                                       
The new test , however , works within minutes by using a computer programme to read the genetic code of infections .                                                     
There is even the suspicion he will push for another election in a few months , to gain enough MPs to change the constitution and boost his powers .                                       
For consumers who can ' t wait to get their hands on one , be warned that this technology is still new and expensive .                                               
If the interest is from England and he wants to have an experience abroad , then Liverpool is a super destination for him .                                                 
Though the fact that he got caught was thanks to the co - operation between police forces in four different countries .                                                     
If we aren ' t careful , Labour will completely lose touch with the people we are supposed to represent .                                                       
It is interesting because when we originally started thinking about this incident , we thought about it being male - female sexual assault .                                                 
Meanwhile , hopes were raised last week that Russia and Saudi Arabia may agree at a meeting next month to hold back oil production in an attempt to push up energy prices .                               
What ' s the point in giving your information away forever when you can franchise it out and get something back in return ?                                                 
The two were convicted three years ago and served time - the father , three months ; the son , one year .                                                   
And there ' s a proportion of the American population - the sort of people who think the moon landing didn ' t happen - who probably think Star Wars is based on a true story .                       
The message from the police is that anybody can be a victim , but I believe that not everyone can get the help they need .                                             
At the moment I work every Sunday , and I have three young children , so it ' s tough on them .                                                   
The network made the error during its coverage of a Commons debate on whether the UK should ban US presidential hopeful Donald Trump for anti - Muslim comments .                                       
You have more strength than you realise but , because you don ' t realise it , you are not always able to use it effectively .                                           
The charity is launching a new campaign - It ' s Time - to raise awareness of the problems abused children face in getting help .                                             
I was so in love with reading that I knew I couldn ' t go that long , so I went looking elsewhere for books to read .                                         
Mr Corbyn ' s office want this all to be completed before the Government calls a Commons vote - which could come as early as March or April .                                       
Seattle ' s only loss in the last seven weeks came against a Rams team that simply seems to have its number .                                                   
They regularly had sex at her flat but she ended the relationship in September that year when she discovered he was married .                                                   
The report , commissioned in May 2012 , was initially due to be handed to the government by the end of that year but was eventually handed over in February 2014 .                                 
' Yes , you are cross with them for a bit , but you ' re not going to cut up the photographs or never speak to them again ," she says .                               
The problem with this is that every move made is taken with panic by the market , concerned about the Chinese economy , being the second largest in the world .                                   
If they are not ready and willing to do so , then it will be difficult to win for the Out campaign .                                                   
Some countries have re - introduced security checks as the bloc continues to struggle for solutions to the continent ' s refugee crisis .                                                 
The economy grew at an annual rate of just 0 . 7 percent last quarter , less than half the 2 percent growth rate in the July - September period , the government said Friday .                         
They said she loved going to the beach , to the mountains and any building that was high enough to jump off .                                                   
" It has changed so much since the five years I have lived here , it makes me feel stressed ," says Thomas .                                                 
In 2006 , we reported that he was paying an average $ 12 an hour , about twice the then - minimum wage .                                                 
He is young , but he is developing as a professional and also as a personality - I can see that on the pitch .                                               
However , some children ' s heads will grow to an average size and they will have a normal level of intelligence .                                                   
South America , the EU and south - east Asia are among the places from which the UK sources its food .                                                     
The team now how to do a follow - up study on women , and try to develop their findings into a regime which is sustainable .                                           
Even low levels of lead -- especially if exposure to low levels continues over many months -- is going to cause some degree of brain damage to at least some of the children who have been exposed -- that ' s a big deal .       
" We want to see the breaking down of the barriers that have prevented economic growth in border areas ," he explains .                                                   
It actually gives me great joy to know that I can ' t get worse than what I played today .                                                       
With more than 35 , 000 schools in the province , officials told AFP at the time that they simply didn ' t have enough resources to protect all of them .                                 
The poll found 34 percent of New Hampshire GOP primary voters back Trump , putting him 20 percentage points ahead of Sen . Ted Cruz , R - Texas , who registered in second place with 14 percent support .                 
And while the team won ' t play a game for another two seasons , that doesn ' t mean its owners haven ' t been busy .                                         
What a ride it has been so far : 30 degrees on Sunday , 35 on Monday , 24 on Tuesday , and after a predicted top of 41 on Wednesday the temperature is set to drop to 19 degrees on Thursday .           
I brought that story up simply to say , " You didn ' t stand up 25 or whatever years ago to get more money for your cast " - and I asked him as a fellow actor , not as the person who owned the show .     
The average wait for most common procedures is three months , although some have been delayed for more than a year .                                                     
If your building inside doesn ' t have anything to do with what ' s outside , you shouldn ' t be there ; you need to go .                                       
The website got over 10 , 000 hits in just a few weeks and I realised how many people there are out there like me .                                             
NHS funds have grown annually , but at just 0 . 9 % a year for 10 years to 2020 .                                                       
' If everyone makes a small amount of effort to be aware of what ' s going on around them and reports any suspicious activity , it helps keep the whole community safer .                             
" All those affected by the 2011 changes will reach pension age after the introduction of the new state pension ," he said .                                                 
Some people have come to the conclusion that the man might have had a little too much fun on New Year ' s Eve .                                               
And research by NHS Scotland shows more than half of people who ended up in hospital because they had deliberately injured themselves said they had drunk alcohol immediately before or while doing it .                             
The proud daughter said the staff at the care home had also grown to love the couple over the 19 months they were there .                                               
He added : " I was told there was a 17 - page petition demanding I be jailed and the mine went on strike after I left , so they were making an example of me .                         
' I couldn ' t believe how much smoke was coming out of the roof - it was well on fire .                                                     
This is the best way he can assist the likely Democratic presidential candidate , Hillary Clinton , and her victory at the end of the year is the only way he can ensure his legacy .                         
Facebook said Sports Stadium will debut at the NFL ' s conference championship games and then the Super Bowl next month .                                                     
A judge has ordered an Iraqi - born Palestinian living in Texas to be held without bond as he faces charges of trying to provide support to the Islamic State group .                                 
But the marriage is in a space where divorce is not an option , we ' re all in this together and we have to figure it out and we got to make it right .                         
The simple idea here is that by buying what ' s out of favor you ' re buying low , to eventually sell high .                                               
My main focus now is doing whatever is required of me to help get my body right and back to full strength so that I can represent the club on the field this season .                           
Now with no winner in the Saturday night drawing and the next drawing coming up on Wednesday looks like we might be headed toward a new world record .                                       
Both boys for me , it ' s just ( about ) their welfare , to make sure they ' re OK .                                                   
But a Wall Street Journal article explains how the high out - of - pocket costs are putting the treatments out of reach even for some patients with insurance .                                     
While the law doesn ' t require the latest safety equipment , the cars do need to meet current emissions standards .                                                     
ABC News caught up with the president immediately following his speech asking him if Iowa feels any different than it did eight years ago when Hillary Clinton first ran .                                     
The son rarely spoke publicly before but now says he has broken his silence to spread his father ' s message .                                                     
These people are about to have a huge life change and they need the support of the government and community , and if we can do anything to help , we ' ll do it .                         
Even if California continues its wet winter , officials say it ' s important to understand that the state still has a limited supply of water and that conservation needs to be routine .                             
Of the 22 , 000 workers sacked in Queensland and lost their jobs , none of those shareholders or any of those companies put up a cent and of course the government didn ' t do anything to help those 22 , 000 suffering families .     
I think all of the leaders are there by her when she calls because sometimes she doesn ' t answer a question I put to her .                                           
" Today ' s results show how far we have come in raising standards , but they also highlight where some pupils are still at risk of falling behind ," he said .                               
" And I will ensure Jon ' s latest incident is fully investigated and action taken when we identify where the damage occurred ," he said .                                           
Amazon continues to invest heavily in its business , with the result that operating costs jumped 20 percent during the quarter to $ 34 . 6 billion .                                         
The club knows I ' ll give everything I have , whether that ' s with the first team or the youth team .                                                 
But Smith ' s promotion is the latest step for women getting a chance to join the coaching ranks of North America ' s major professional sports .                                         
You don ' t know what it looks like or it sounds like ... you look in the most unlikely places to find it .                                               
It has been claimed the boy was arrested inside the house of the ISIS commander , who is originally thought to be from Saudi Arabia .                                             
Up to 45 , 000 junior doctors will go on strike next week after three weeks of talks broke down last night .                                                   
Ted Cruz was 31 and working in the George W . Bush administration , yet he felt his career had flat - lined .                                                 
We encourage anyone experiencing an ongoing issue to speak to us - be it for advice or resolution , we ' re here to help and our complaints process is easy to use and free to consumers .                     
If so , and we kept our flat , would this apply to our new house even though we ' d be living in it ?                                             
It sees the country return to 13 public holidays a year , compared to an average of 10 . 8 days across the European Union , according to the 28 - member body .                             
" I was initially worried that it might have been somehow based on one of our ideas , which it wasn ' t ," he says .                                           
They point out that the constitutional question had always been a part of the argument put forward by Texas and the other states .                                                 
She was different to her colleagues , it wasn ' t something she wanted to do her whole life and she studied , had goals and a future she thought dancing would bring her one step closer to .                   
UK Prime Minister David Cameron has promised a referendum on whether Britain should remain in the EU by the end of 2017 .                                                   
We ' ve seen the North Korea nuclear test - now is not the time to start thinking about a world in which we wouldn ' t have this basic insurance policy .                               
And I ' ll never get used to the fact that when people give you presents here , you open them in front of them .                                             
I ' m hiring people who are older than me , and I can ' t even rent a car because I ' m not 21 years old .                                       
However , the protein isn ' t needed by healthy blood cells , so removing it does not cause patients any harm , researchers noted .                                             
We have remained focused , whether it ' s in the debates or in our campaign , of putting our vision forward and moving ahead .                                             
But all of that changed in April 2015 , when she began following a program she heard about on Facebook from a friend who had been struggling with similar issues .                                   
Trump leads in all three states despite the fact that many Republican primary voters -- mostly , those not voting for him -- think he would be too extreme in his approach in trying to achieve his goals .                   
We see him playing further up the field in the 10 or nine position , which he has done a fair bit in his career .                                             
" Our aim today is to walk for peace : peace within ourselves , peace between us and peace for our nation and planet ," she said .                                         
In fact , it almost fell apart many times along the way -- including the very night the plane was set to take off .                                               
I would wait for market day , when people not just from the village but also from surrounding villages would come .                                                     
" We have to be a good story coming out of New Hampshire and we will be ," Kasich said .                                                       
There ' s a lot more strategy and debate about what ' s the right place to reach your consumers , with a focus on providing them some value .                                     
' So if you want to go to the left , you just turn the stick to the left , and you don ' t have to control the pitch or roll .                               
The black unemployment rate fell to 8 . 3 percent in December , the best showing since an 8 . 0 percent reading in September 2007 .                                           
Even though her representative had been knocked over by Mr Turnbull , she admitted to being a fan of the current Prime Minister .                                                 
Well over 2 inches of rain fell Wednesday on some mountain areas , including 3 . 5 inches in Angeles National Forest in Southern California .                                             
" It ' s not just that we ' re on the same side now , we ' ve been on the same side for decades ," he said .                                     
In fact this is one we ' d never heard because it was in the Broadway musical and not in the movie .                                                   
It wouldn ' t take much and that it never happens does leave the impression sometimes that they really do not care .                                                   
We agreed that the gift should be something that we had found moving , and that might not be something that the other person wouldn ' t know about .                                     
They pulled her little head out and that was the most amazing thing I ' ve ever seen in my life .                                                     
Having the film open after Star Wars has helped give it a chance to raise its profile , he added .                                                       
He added , " Other than that , don ' t know what ' s going to happen next , but I ' ll try to keep y ' all updated , everybody .                               
Instead he seems like someone who knows exactly what the approved complaint is to make , someone who is fully aware of his consumer rights .                                             
" It ' s a little overwhelming , but it feels good to be on this journey ," he says .                                                       
The US takes no position on who owns the islands , but says developments in the South China Sea are a matter of national security .                                             
For the past three years I ' ve had trouble eating , trouble sleeping , problems with depression , but now I can finally move forward with my life .                                     
One will concern the legal status of what the protesters did , and there is no way of knowing what it will be .                                                 
But with inflation low in Britain and record numbers of people in work , Mr Osborne will add : " My message today is one of confidence : we can meet these risks and overcome them , if we stick to our plan .           
But in a Fox Business News interview , Perry indicated that the two men hadn ' t spent that much time together until he suspended his own presidential bid .                                     
Iran has called on China to join the fight against Islamic State and play a more active role in the region .                                                     
Don ' t ever give personal information like banking or credit cards over the phone to someone who has called you .                                                     
At least five Paris high schools have also been evacuated after bomb threats were made for the second time this week .                                                     
' It ' s moments like that where I feel so lucky to have them , funny things that they say .                                                     
Germany took in about one million migrants last year -- far more than any other European country -- and their arrival has sparked a rise in violence and right - wing rhetoric around the country .                         
" I ' m not a controversial person , so perhaps the entertainment value is not the same ," Carson said .                                                     
While we can ' t discuss her situation directly , we can say we generally only ask patients to be removed when there is a cause for concern about other patients ' care or safety .                         
Most people don ' t bring up memory trouble during a routine check - up at their doctor ' s office , even when they know they ' re having problems , a new government report shows .                     
It was a shock when , after 11 years of marriage , the two announced they were breaking up in 2010 .                                                     
" No matter how the tourists jump on the bridge , it will still be fine ," he told the People ' s Daily newspaper .                                             
Since then , Zika has spread to Brazil , where scientists estimate as many as 1 . 5 million people could be infected .                                                 
" To be honest with you , the problems we have in America today are the failure of the church ," he said .                                                 
During the savings process , it ' s also worth considering other ways to get into the market in case your savings fall short .                                               
More than 60 % said they experienced racism in their daily lives and more than 67 % said they had little or no trust in people of other racial groups .                                   
Matt , obviously caught off - guard by the comment , gave a nervous smile as he introduced his film .                                                       
It has made made me more confident and now I ' m looking forward to the future ,' he said .                                                       
He ' s a talented young player and a great prospect for the future - he wants to learn and he wants to play .                                               
I guess I consider this a big game and in a big game , we haven ' t been able to make shots .                                                 
From the start of January to now , more than 45 , 000 refugees and migrants have crossed in boats from Turkey to Greece .                                               
But he said : " It is vital that we work to support the industry and ensure that there is a future both for current staff and for those who wish to go into the industry .                         
The Canadian said he had never been approached to throw a match , yet added that in tennis it would be " easy " to do .                                           
Clinton - Trump results in a near tie of 45 percent to 44 percent , with Sanders - Trump at 56 percent to 37 percent .                                             
He has been running good races without much luck and you want to get these horses back winning and they can kick on from there .                                             
" We also need other nations to follow our lead and put in place long - term carbon reduction plans ," she added .                                                 
CNN ' s Anderson Cooper will ask the President several questions , including a deeper discussion of Obama ' s executive actions on guns announced Tuesday .                                           
The survey findings come amid continuing concerns that many young people may be spending too much time online or watching TV .                                                     
I asked my husband Ian for personal training classes for Christmas , and I have to say it was hard , but I loved it .                                             
Most humans live such urban lives , so I hope this is a reminder of a connection we have to wildlife .                                                     
21 . 16 - but you can sign up on their website to be kept informed on exactly what will be happening .                                                   
She said staff had originally been told in mid - December that it was only going to be a temporary closure over the " quiet " holiday period .                                       
But the areas that I have identified are the things that drive us up the wall about Europe that we need to deal with .                                               
Just as you and you and you and you , and millions of other people who have been caught in similar circumstances should have thought of it before .                                       
" I hope that anyone out there who doesn ' t come in a package that anyone says you should ," she said .                                                 
At one point overnight the firm ' s website appeared to go down because of the number of people trying to access the page .                                               
People are being turned away from services when they need them the most and too many are not getting any support at all .                                                 
His set - piece delivery was consistently tough to defend as once more his side found most joy from dead balls .                                                     
But she said she won ' t venture out to that other hidden beach again after the American tourist ' s death .                                                   
The report said : " The Scottish government ' s position is that it will work on the issues raised in this petition as part of long - term , ongoing work .                                 
You can write it down and pass it to your partner as a note , like we did back in grade school , before cell phones .                                           
In 2001 that factory closed and 400 world - class makers had nothing to make , and that ' s what we are fighting for - to get their jobs back .                                 
The price players are bought for at the auction is their minimum contract , and the amount that counts towards the team ' s salary cap .                                           
He highlighted figures showing that the average price of alcohol relative to wages has dropped by almost half since the 1980s .                                                     
It ' s always disappointing when you come up short of your goal , but all things considered a pretty successful season .                                                   
You could go through our squad and pick 80 per cent of players who hadn ' t done it until they had been with us .                                             
I wasn ' t here when we played them the first time - I got here in November - but from what I am told the two games were very different .                                 
He got through six innings of work , giving up seven hits and just two runs , while striking out seven and walking three .                                               
My guess is that a very significant percentage of our members , I mean , way over half are going to give a lot more than half .                                         
But the main reason I am delighted to hear about his progress is the lift it will give him personally , because of what he has been through .                                       
" That was really my thank you ," she told People magazine in 2006 , according to the Associated Press .                                                       
It stops when there is the opposition of security forces ,' he said , referring to the attack on a Paris concert hall on November 13 .                                           
The campaign said more than a million individual donors had made more than 2 . 5 million contributions , passing US President Barack Obama ' s record for the amount of individual donations , which was set at the end of 2011 .           
She had enough power that her conviction could have consequences - and that ' s where I felt we were in the world at the time , too .                                       
His mother described him as a wonderful man , who worked hard and was very well known and liked in the area .                                                   
One explanation for the rise is that , due to the removal of the cap on numbers at English universities , institutions are keen to fill spaces early .                                       
The Met is also conducting a serious case review , which is standard in all major cases , to look at what lessons can be learned from the investigation .                                     
One study suggested the action called by the British Medical Association over pay and conditions could lead to almost 200 excess deaths because of poor care due to the lack of staff .                               
Greater Manchester Police said on Monday that officers had arrested three men aged 26 , 24 , and 19 , a woman aged 28 and a boy aged 16 on suspicion of murder .                             
A recent study found that about one in 30 people looking to buy guns on one website had criminal records -- one out of 30 had a criminal record .                                     
He argued that America has become " dominated so much by Wall Street and big - money interest " that people have forgotten what is possible .                                           
I ' d always been of the opinion that most things in life can be fixed , but at that point I knew there was absolutely no way of making it right .                               
How to tackle Europe ' s migrant crisis is the big topic again , for Germany and Turkey , this Friday .                                                     
One academic described the problem as " chronic " and said a failure to address it would impact on patient care .                                                     
That ' s why , in the next five years , our reforms to social services will be as radical as the reforms to our schools .                                           
What he gets up to is his own business , but it was difficult to look at him in the same way again .                                                 
" I didn ' t play for a few weeks but I played last week , I played a good game and I feel very , very good ," he said .                                 
When I go to restaurants , I sit with my back to the wall and my face to the door to see who comes in and out .                                         
If the academy ' s marketing was targeted at parents , this wouldn ' t be such a big deal .                                                       
I realised this would further delay us but was told the total journey time would be one hour and 15 minutes .                                                     
The venue is expected to be the most expensive in U . S . sports history by at least a billion dollars .                                                   
The following day he was in a mood and in the evening he argued over trying on new clothes for his holiday .                                                   
" It ' s important to remember that a lot of people were happy in East Germany ," says Anna .                                                       
' I can ' t do anything until I ' ve had my first cup in the morning and am in a mood until I have it ,' she says .                                   
They do need a name that ' s easy to spell , that ' s not too creative , that you don ' t have to explain all the time .                                   
As a female athlete who does want to have children in the future , it is certainly something to consider .                                                       
We pay tax based on the value added by the economic activity of our staff here , at the current standard rate : 20 per cent .                                           
The players that are unlikely to currently feature in your fantasy football team , whether it be because of injury , form or a combination of both .                                         
There are some issues that are very much the same , I ' ve been constant on many issues ," he said .                                                   
When we talk about abortion , everything we say - and the way that we choose to say it - has an impact .                                                 
I feel that a story is a story , regardless of age , and this is something that has been recognised this year by the Costa awards , which is fantastic .                                 
Monday marks 100 days of campaigning in which the Scottish National Party will make clear that we stand proud on our record , and clear on our commitment .                                       
But he drew anger by suggesting parents could be encouraged to search the internet to find out what was wrong with their children , instead of speaking to a doctor or nurse .                               
It was founded in 2008 and I started using it a year later to find a place in New York I could actually afford to stay in for a month .                                   
For the current quarter ending in March , Amazon said it expects revenue in the range of $ 26 . 5 billion to $ 29 billion .                                           
Just when people are writing him off , calling him finished , he ' ll return to his match - winning best .                                                   
The road becomes a crime scene and police from both sides of the border realise they must work together to track a killer .                                                 
A man decided it was time for a change when he looked back at a video of his proposal to his girlfriend and felt disappointed with what he saw .                                     
We can use technologies and other sorts of social media and thinking to band together to deliver projects based on what people actually need , not what developers want .                                     
It said a lot that three of the key players in the military ' s long , hard look at itself over its treatment of women were nominated for Australian of the Year .                             
" My aim really was to raise awareness among people who own shops and businesses in public places ," she said .                                                     
Because of these reasons , it is hard to know if the death rate among Americans 100 and up has truly been on the decline since 2008 .                                         
United have taken 37 points from their first 23 games , which represents their lowest total in the Premier League era .                                                     
We dropped two points and that is the negative part but we have to think that we can get over this and that you have to fight for the league until the end .                             
Our investigations to date have not found a common cause , and it is possible that there may not be a single cause that links the cases .                                         
Meanwhile , both sides in the dispute over the new junior doctor contract said they thought there was almost no chance of a resolution before the first strike is due to be staged next week .                         
What ' s more , a lack of social connections could be as big a risk to your health as smoking , scientists say .                                               
Maybe there ' s some policy with immigration enforcement to make it easy for the police to spot where they live in case there ' s trouble ?                                         
She said : ' I used to think ' God , if the whole world is going to be like this , what way out is there ?                                           
He ' s frustrated that he hasn ' t been able to rally political pressure in favor of new regulations .                                                       
The driver was seriously wounded when the soldiers shot at him , but his injuries are not life - threatening , the government said in a statement .                                         
Sanders was speaking to voters in Iowa where a new poll out Sunday showed him in a virtual tie with Clinton .                                                     
Even if reforms are turned into legislation , there are few who believe they will be implemented or attract the foreign investment that will lead to growth .                                         
Iraq ' s Christian population has dropped from 1 . 3 million then to 300 , 000 now , church authorities say .                                                   
After 50 minutes of thinking that any of them could be my last , we made it to the bank .                                                       
We pulled over and he told me that he loved me no matter what , and that he was going to be there for me .                                             
This year ' s clock is expected to consider tensions between the United States and Russia and the recent North Korean nuclear test .                                                 
" Sometimes in Australia we forget that the tennis season doesn ' t stop after the Australian Open ," he said .                                                     
" We ' ve anticipated this filing from the Rams for more than a year ," the St . Louis stadium task force said in a written statement .                                       
" I put my name in the auction , and I ' m desperate to play in that competition ," he told BBC Radio 5 live .                                           
She has been unable to tell her friends and family and finds herself isolated by the fact she was taken advantage of by the way that she was .                                       
' The version of events you have heard is not accepted and my client has not been charged with assault ,' he added .                                                 
Sometimes you have to let people go who are not completely ready for us , knowing they could be successful .                                                       
Rather than running down the number of much - needed affordable homes , ministers should be investing in more homes to rent and buy .                                               
They just took us away for 10 days and had us draw pictures about our feelings and asked lots of questions .                                                     
He said : " When I set the clock up I couldn ' t understand why it was always running one hour fast .                                                   
The 49 - year - old woman behind the wheel of the car was also treated for minor cuts and was taken to hospital .                                               
It took jail staff 16 hours to realize the three men were missing because an assault on a guard delayed an evening head count .                                               
Without him rock music -- and indeed pop culture itself -- would have been very different , and much less fun .                                                     
One person injured is bad enough but this could have involved others - including children who could have been in the shop at the time .                                             
Most of these demand a minimum contribution of £ 50 a month , which is too much for many families who have struggled since the financial crisis struck in 2008 .                                   
From armed robbery to attempted murder ... they break these young offenders down only to build them back up to make them better men and women once they ' re released .                                 
I had to be a little careful not to try and apply my standards to how hard [ others at the company ] worked .                                               
The consultation says the measure had been taken " to set a very high bar , which might be met only in extreme and extremely limited circumstances .                                         
But as much as that might ring true of her character , it couldn ' t be further from the truth when it comes to Davis herself .                                         
And like many other players , he has already given some thought to what he would do with the cash .                                                       
The company has said the final phase of its market re - entry plan was to occur over two weeks beginning Jan .                                                   
In terms of why , we ' re not 100 per cent sure , but one of the reason we think is likely is that these fitness images still represent one , uniform standard of what ' s considered attractive .               
" She [ Jean ] is still in contact with him ," a family friend said outside her house this week .                                                     
It ' s fair to say that neither Dave nor Jeremy are in total control of their parties right now .                                                       
We see the teams on television but meeting the players in person , the kids will remember this moment for the rest of their lives .                                             
The people acting like there ' s nothing wrong with it , the people that are calling it ' reverse racism ,' the people that are nominated , the people that aren ' t nominated .                         
After the apparent killings , the young boy , who seems to be aged around six or seven years old , is seen pointing into the distance , wearing military - style clothing .                             
It was not pretty , nor was it particularly effective but it was a win that kept the belief going among Arsenal fans that this might be their season .                                     
" I ' m trying to play it down , but it ' s amazing to have that next to your name ," he said .                                             
But if their parents are unable to help them , then I would step in and do what I could .                                                       
Those taking money from their pension pot after the age of 55 are allowed to take 25 % of it tax free , but the rest is subject to income tax .                                 
The food isn ' t quite the same as in Iraq , but it ' s a small taste of home .                                                     
Some 150 , 000 have joined since the scheme began in September 2014 - but how they break down in money terms isn ' t clear as yet .                                       
The campaign also said the emails were never previously classified by the State Department because there was nothing sensitive in them .                                                     
There are going to be a few changes to my upcoming tour dates , but I ' ll let you know all the details very soon .                                           
There was one Saturday night last season where we had just gotten back to our apartment after a home game .                                                       
" Do we have to go on having some sort of relationship with them because we need a solution to the Syria crisis ?" he said .                                           
There were a small number of people who did the wrong thing but they were dealt with by police throughout the night .                                                   
She has since become one of the UK ' s biggest - selling women ' s fiction writers , with more than three million books sold .                                           
A witness said he had heard ' two or three shots ' this morning , before the man was on the ground .                                                   
Bowie ' s son Duncan Jones , confirmed the news while a statement was also issued on his various social media accounts .                                                   
She was always special to me but for all those people around the world to be saying how beautiful she is was overwhelming .                                                 
And it was because he was now so close to a deal that he had announced that ministers would be free to campaign on either side of the debate .                                     
Authorities have not yet described the shooting , although they are scheduled to hold a news conference on Wednesday morning .                                                       
The whole point of this is that we are strategic in our approach and taking people with us as best we can .                                                   
If she is found guilty her penalty would ultimately be up to a judge , but would likely require paying a fine , a spokesman from the prosecutor ' s office said .                               
But as of Tuesday afternoon , it seemed like for many of his family members , time in the United States was running out .                                               
But that ' s not to stay if big changes eventually occur in terms and conditions in England that the Welsh government won ' t have to consider the implications carefully .                                 
The U . S . and Russia are also working more closely together , both determined to find a way to end the war .                                               
THE death of a woman whose body was found in a central Adelaide park is not deemed suspicious , police say .                                                     
In 2011 , just 1 per cent of people aged 60 and over moved into retirement housing , compared with 17 per cent in the US and 13 per cent in Australia and New Zealand .                         
Maybe make another pot of coffee and go read the paper - it ' s a good solution for many of us .                                                   
I ' m happy with the proposed changes you suggest and I don ' t think it goes further than Bruce would be comfortable .                                               
Still , he has to carry his history book all the time -- there ' s reading to do every night .                                                     
He had to save five break points to hold at the start and it didn ' t get much easier but he fought all the way , forcing a third - set tie - break before the champion closed it out .             
They ' re properly funny but I ' m not sure an eight - year old should be funny in that way .                                                   
Food , alcohol and tobacco prices were estimated to be rising 1 . 2 % year - on - year in December , compared with 1 . 5 % in November .                                 
San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee has requested a federal investigation of the police shooting of a young black man , along with a broader look into the department .                                       
It reflects concern that the debate about Britain ' s EU membership has so far been dominated by migration and the economy and not other areas of policy which they claim are equally important .                           
" There really is no need for me to comment - it ' s exactly what I ' ve been saying for years ," he said .                                           
This is about creating experiences for our family , and the experiences are worth much more than any sort of thing you could buy .                                               
Roberts , who got the job after struggling for years to find one , has been looking for the officer to say thank you .                                               
" The University of Sydney doesn ' t have many opportunities for a simple thing like accommodation ," he said .                                                       
There were some 800 million parking spaces in the US - but , in cities such as San Francisco , only 14 % of people searching for a spot found one straight away .                             
My parents had initially liked him , but early on , even before we married , we were on a group holiday in a holiday camp and there was an evening do where we could all play games .                   
The chancellor will lay out a number of risks the UK economy faces over the next 12 months in a speech in Cardiff .                                                 
The first was to lay - off 8 % of the company ' s workforce - it now seems changes are being made among top executives .                                           
Just so I ' ve got something different to what I have at home , because otherwise you might as well be at home .                                               
" We hope our work will provide a platform for more sophisticated work in the future , but we saw it as a starting point ," explains Davis .                                       
But what Daniel has to do at this moment is hard work to be prepared for the things we make in a football game .                                               
A number of Obama ' s former aides now work for Clinton ' s campaign , and the President is personally closer to the candidate who served in his administration for four years .                             
It ' s classic , with lovely writing and a very good love story that is also a little tragic .                                                       
We will be bringing you the best of what ' s happening this morning , so you can get across the news quickly .                                                 
They hope the discovery will lead to more effective treatments targeting the disorder ' s roots rather than its symptoms .                                                       
Germany took in about a million asylum seekers over the past year and many more are expected to arrive during 2016 .                                                     
The pair also planned time on the NSW South Coast before returning to Canberra for New Year ' s Eve .                                                       
I continue to be a strong supporter of Jeremy Corbyn ' s leadership and want to contribute to his and the Labour Party ' s success in the future .                                     
Wales defender James Collins will go to the 2016 European Championship this summer having feared eight years ago his playing career was over .                                                 
It ' s an issue he has had zero success on so far in his presidency , despite his repeated , emotional appeals for change .                                             
We said this is a question mark thing - let ' s figure out if we can make this into science .                                                     
But England would be ill - advised to allow them to make a powerful start , especially with the ball .                                                       
For now , I want to catch up with what ' s been going on in the world , watch a Warriors game or two , and see the Star Wars movie .                               
So I ' m thinking - these people know how to run a city - and have been doing it for maybe a thousand years .                                             
The Championship side will ask for £ 10 , 000 if he signs a pro contract and £ 2 , 500 for every appearance up to a maximum of 100 - a total of £ 250 , 000 .                   
In all age groups , for instance , more people cited retirement as the reason for being out of the labour force , and it wasn ' t just older people .                                 
You ' ve always got that doubt when you play a Test match whether you ' re going to contribute , but it was a nice feeling and what a hell of a catch .                           
NASA had a pre - approved plan for dealing with a disaster , covering everything from setting up an investigation board to making information available to the media .                                       
A total of eight people are now being held in the case , including two men who have been formally charged with terrorism - related offences following their arrests earlier this week , the federal prosecutor ' s office said .               
The baby doesn ' t have an official name yet , though the couple seem to have one in mind .                                                       
' Back on the track , I ' ve fallen off plenty of times at high speed ... and lost a lot of skin .                                               
It has also said that it will use a different structure to account for its profits in the UK from 2005 until 2015 .                                                 
And then , because of your other positive relationships with women , you might just find that part to be relatively easy .                                                   
' The woman and her husband had arrived last night so this must have been one of their first walks along the beach ,' she explained .                                           
Russell Wilson took his performance to a new level , becoming the first player in NFL history to finish a season with at least 4 , 000 yards passing , 30 touchdown passes and 500 yards rushing .                     
Two days prior to this statement , the United Nations Security Council condemned a recent rocket launch by North Korea and expanded sanctions .                                                 
The fire began at about 9 . 30pm , and is said to have taken hold of the outside of the building within minutes .                                               
After operating at or near a loss for years , it has finally also demonstrated the ability to turn a consistent profit .                                                   
There is an added element of uncertainty as we wait to see the impact of tax changes on the buy - to - let sector .                                             
On Thursday European and US markets took a hit when trading in China ' s stock markets closed after just under 30 minutes .                                                 
You came her with not a single pound in your pocket and I supported you for four years ,' she said in the footage .                                               
Her interview follows an NHS England report into William ' s death in 2014 , which found there were 16 missed chances to save his life .                                           
The protesters Saturday say the increased security presence in the Calais region is putting lives in danger , as are the living conditions .                                                 
So these things are linked , and the real question for us is at what stage is this kicking in ?                                                       
It ' s all in the mind , the body , family , travelling , so many things that are a part of this whole thing .                                           
The suspect , who was seen wearing a bright green t - shirt , was involved in a second assault on the same bus route less than an hour later .                                   
" I got up in the morning ... the shoulder was like , I couldn ' t even move the thing ," Bryant said .                                               
At current prices Russia faces a more than 5 % budget deficit this year , but some forecasts say the price could go as low as 20 dollars .                                       
But eventually I realised I had to get better for my family - and I was the only one who could save me .                                                 
You made profits from selling things such as shares or a second home and need to pay capital gains tax .                                                       
Even during the recession , luxury vehicle sales held steady , never dropping below 12 percent of the U . S . auto market .                                               
How can I access it , and should I keep this in a safe place even if I can no longer use it ?                                                 
In the aftermath of Storm Frank , most of the UK has seen a band of rain today , which is expected to fall as snow in some areas of Wales and Scotland .                             
But when my daughter - in - law went to the Western Union agency , the money was not made available .                                                     
In the past he used to run away to another village , and I am not strong enough to stop him .                                                     
Officials said the week ' s wet weather would provide some relief but much more would be needed to end the drought .                                                   
And , he added , both he and the Panthers could " care less what you say " if you don ' t like them .                                             
The charity is calling on people to visit friends and relatives with dementia regularly and help them take part in activities they enjoy .                                                 
Even before being made the subject of the film , Turner ' s life has had a widespread impact on popular culture .                                                   
My " lifestyle consultation " reveals that I ' m at risk on five of those six factors - all except smoking .                                                   
Chelsea captain John Terry is not being offered a new contract and will leave the club at the end of the season .                                                   
The hope is that once the chosen individuals graduate they will go on to greater things and reflect well on the institution which gave them their first chance .                                       
I have a hard time seeing how we ' re not going to be looking at either record level or near - record level global mean surface temperatures for at least the first half of 2016 .                       
It comes just days before David Cameron is expected to make a decision in response to growing calls for a sugar tax to tackle childhood obesity .                                           
I don ' t know much about the club but it ' s better to learn so I ' ll be going on Google and finding out more about them .                                   
" He felt it wasn ' t best for him to come into this Test match the way he is at the moment ," Smith said .                                           
Now , with less than a month until the first votes of the 2016 race , Cruz is looking beyond Iowa to a state that might be a harder sell for him : New Hampshire .                         
But the majority of journalists at Westminster are employed by Britain ' s national newspapers and , as such , are not free agents .                                               
When the BBC team visited the farm there were up to 15 children working along with adults from the local community .                                                     
I have always made it clear that my children are welcome to come and live with me at any time and I have made sure I was able to support them properly when that would happen .                       
" What is most striking is ... the fact it doesn ' t actually say three ," she said in a blog post .                                                 
We believe that at the time of the incident Daniel was heading towards the station and was on his way into work .                                                   
Now more than ever we need leaders that bring us together to work towards making life better for families , not worse .                                                   
If Sanders wins Iowa and New Hampshire , he could make it close in South Carolina , and potentially beat her in other states .                                               
The site allows consumers to get free products and samples from well known brands in return for their personal information .                                                       
He called for action because mothers who have the procedure for their first child are highly likely to give birth to any future children by C - section too .                                     
It ' s named after the date of the first successful revolution in South America that eventually led to independence .                                                       
If you know and when we all studied our history lessons , you are supposed to be born in this country , so I just don ' t know how the courts will rule on this .                       
I think we ' ve got some great players in the country and without a doubt , we will see that in the Six Nations .                                             
While some forces released a decade ' s worth of records , others only provided figures from a portion of that period - including some that covered only one year .                                   
The number of threats and violent incidents at asylum facilities doubled between 2014 and 2015 and police have called for more resources .                                                   
Federal prosecutors announced on Christmas Eve that they would not pursue charges in the case , but the Justice Department has not responded to Rep . Jeff Miller ' s inquiry into why no charges will be filed .                   
" It ' s quite small so you can fit it in your pocket , but there is a lot of stuff in it ," Murray said here yesterday .                                     
In the adult estate , the reality is [ that ] things have got worse , and I think they would have been even worse were it not for us .                                   
It ' s a great honour and I ' m looking forward to joining up with the squad in camp in St Andrews this Sunday .                                             
" We can now confirm that there may have been three flights that have landed ," Pentagon Press Secretary Peter Cook told reporters .                                                 
" I ' ve lived here for my whole life and that wall has never caused any trouble ," he said .                                                     
I have played against Chris for a long time , since I started really , and that behaviour is fairly expected .                                                     
The detention happened just days before North Korea ' s fourth nuclear test on January 6 , which prompted new discussions of sanctions by the United States and its allies .                                   
We had to run extra events to cope with the demand , so a big thank you to all those who came down after Christmas to help out .                                       
The data showed children in London were pulling ahead in terms of education and getting a good job in later life .                                                     
" It is different than what they will remember me [ for ], but that ' s great ," he said .                                                     
If that ' s their game plan I ' m more than happy for them to keep on doing it .                                                       
Just over 2 , 500 people have indicated they will attend the event , which has been organised on Facebook .                                                       
At 22 , Stone is the youngest winner of the South African Open - the second - oldest national Open after the British Open - since it joined the tour in 1997 .                               
There was a strong feeling from the beginning that the film needed not only to be as big but as broad as possible , and I think they really achieved it .                                 
I can hear you talking at her , about nothing in particular , just enjoying the one - on - one time .                                                   
My pop cultural connection to Bowie goes deeper as it was the music that was playing the night I hit bottom on alcohol and drugs as a very young person .                                   
" So I had a little more net to shoot at ," said King , who scored at 7 : 33 of the first period .                                             
Meanwhile , Sanders has the edge with people who say they ' ll change the registration to Democrat to vote during Monday ' s primary election .                                           
He is a good friend of mine , and I couldn ' t care less what he ' s done before .                                                     
Of course , this will only happen if people are prepared to have these conversations in this way with their doctors .                                                     
They come back in again and do not do any media , they do not earn any money and then they go back to their normal lives .                                         
If you want to save society , you treat people they way you like to be treated and that is with respect .                                                   
Don ' t listen to that voice that says : If you quit this job or lose this income you ' ll never find another .                                             
She said : " From a patient ' s perspective , we always want to know what ' s causing the pain .                                                     
It should be clear to anyone watching this Republican debate that it is Marco Rubio , and not Ted Cruz , who the other candidates on stage view as the greatest threat to their nomination chances , beyond a missing Donald Trump .           
The problem is despite his age of 27 , right now he ' s a rookie with relatively little American football experience who , as was shown on two key plays against the Lions , makes crucial mistakes .                   
A former MP who campaigns for improvements in the family justice system has said the judge was wrong not to name the council .                                                 
The largest drop was how family finances compared to one year ago ( down 9 . 4 per cent ), the lowest level since last July .                                           
Although I had been involved in earlier protests , this time it really felt as if we were about to win .                                                     
Just days before , I had seen the aftermath of another Taliban bomb near the airport on a busy Monday morning .                                                     
And it said the number of people aged 34 and younger who have bought their own home with a mortgage has fallen by 15 % since the SNP came to power in 2007 .                             
When I first played for Australia four or five years ago I felt I was still pretty raw , pretty young ," he said .                                               
This is one of the biggest parts of the decision as you head toward February 1 that I want you to keep in mind .                                               
Best of all though , I started 2016 safe in the knowledge that in 2015 I hadn ' t missed out on a single party !                                             
The report says the lack of affordable homes means the government ' s plans to reduce the welfare bill would be difficult to deliver .                                               
It was probably one of the worst days of my life and I was caught at my lowest moment and nothing like this has ever happened .                                           
The show asks , if money makes the world go ' round , have you ever considered taking the easy road and decided to fill your bowl with sugar ?                                     
Davies had an opportunity to put the hosts in front three minutes later but pulled his drop - goal wide .                                                       
That may be only slightly less than in rural Britain , but the share rises to fully 40 % in inner London .                                                   
Facebook is already a hub of activity during major sporting events , so it is no surprise the site has developed its own platform aimed specifically at sports fans .                                     
She added : ' Jessica ' s got a right to play a part in all of this because if she didn ' t like any of the men I probably wouldn ' t give them a go .                     
" I think this time last year we were clear and we hadn ' t lost in 22 games or something ," he said .                                               
Ohio Gov . John Kasich has primarily focused on New Hampshire instead , spending just 12 days in Iowa during the 2016 cycle .                                                 
Though the couple have lived apart for five years , they have not yet agreed what would be a very complicated divorce .                                                   
This is the most expensive student accommodation being provided in the centre of one of the most expensive cities in the world : of course it is nice , but is it really serving an educational need ?                     
It ' s the only cable network launched in the last 10 years to land among 20 top - rated channels - finishing 18th in 2015 - and it may be the last .                             
" Just because it ' s on television , it doesn ' t make it any different to any other workplace ," she says .                                               
Easter falls at the end of March this year with Good Friday on March 25 , Easter Sunday on March 27 and Easter Monday on March 28 .                                         
The new contract would see a cut to out - of - hours pay , in return for an 11 per cent basic pay increase .                                             
What isn ' t in dispute is that the Detroit school system is in trouble , both in its finances and results .                                                   
You see the training ground , you see the stadium , you see Chris - a manager that wants to be back in the Premier League .                                           
These planned changes will make us more efficient and will deliver greater long - term value to both new and existing members .                                                   
I might be up until two in the morning making pop - ups , and then I ' d get up and go to work the next day .                                       
The division between what we read as children , teenagers and as adults can be far less clear - cut .                                                       
THE state minister at the centre of a row over the security of a Perth disability justice centre has admitted failing to give residents enough information .                                           
He added : " It would make it harder to get to the truth , whether it ' s the police or the Army or whatever .                                             
There are nice people among the asylum seekers and immigrants , of course , but their arrival has taken away what this place once was .                                             
He said he did not want tax rates to go up or for European Union countries to do this in concert , however .                                                 
That ' s a smart thing to do as a fiscal manager in your state , It allows you to do other things .                                                 
We ask that you are patient and let the investigation please take its course so that all involved will be given a fair chance .                                               
The birth of a child , the relief when a severe pain goes away , an assault that didn ' t result in my death , the feeling that something I have written turned out better than I had expected ?               
Last spring , the Raiders let him go and he ' s been looking for an NFL job ever since .                                                       
In a tweet , the bank said that internet banking had been attacked , but it had successfully defended its systems .                                                     
At the same time , GOP presidential candidate Chris Christie made it clear that not everyone is willing to compromise on the issue .                                                 
Stanley , who attended New York ' s High School of Music and Art , became serious about his painting in the last decade or so .                                           
The police are not concerned for Bill ' s safety , but with the amount of interest he is gaining on social media , Fairfax Media suggests they should be .                                   
The militants have turned to suicide bombings of soft targets since troops last year forced them out of towns and villages .                                                     
It took more than 47 minutes of game time , and two hours and 20 minutes of actual time , but we finally have a touchdown .                                           
But despite the pain , a part of me couldn ' t accept that all our plans for the future - holidays , marriage and babies - were never going to happen .                               
The term struck her as a vast improvement and as the key to a new way of thinking about the disease and those affected by it .                                           
" Hillary Clinton put some of the highest , most sensitive intelligence information on her private server because maybe she thinks she ' s above the law ," Rubio said at a town hall event in Clinton , Iowa .                 
This [ Costa award ] has forced people to sit up and take notice of how great this fiction is .                                                       
They have really been to places that I ' ve been , but they ' ve made something of it , something permanent and remarkable .                                             
That date might be a year away , but the regulator says employers should start planning 12 months before their duties start , and choose a pension scheme around six months before .                               
I ' m out with a friend and it ' s not cheap , but it ' s worth paying for alcohol in a pub like this where you ' re having the whole experience .                         
I wouldn ' t wish this on my worst enemy because if you know who had done it and go through what we have gone through , it ' s just so hard .                             
He told her he didn ' t have any money and couldn ' t get a job and that he wanted to get his own place to live , she claimed .                                 
Her father was also on his own and we would sometimes say to each other , how wonderful it would be if our parents got together .                                           
When you ' re out there you sort of block out that you know it ' s near the end and just try to compete , and try to get the most out of yourself every time .                     
The couple will now need to raise more money if they are to have a second chance at starting a family .                                                     
The firm said that after a second plan was submitted in May 2015 , the project was put on hold .                                                       
U . S . stocks closed mostly higher Tuesday , but not enough to make up for big losses the day before .                                                   
" Because of the 18 months ' positive growth and the warm weather in November , a slip concerns me a bit ," he said .                                             
Brian says that he was especially close to his grandmother growing up since she only lived 30 minutes away from his childhood home .                                                 
Although these are important findings , women with a family history of breast cancer are still advised to avoid drinking .                                                       
The airline ' s shares , down 10 % since the Paris attacks , fell 2 % to £ 15 . 99 in early trading on Tuesday .                                         
One of the major models of success for me personally is to make sure that we don ' t lose anybody .                                                     
But that was the easy part of making the film about growing up and coming into your own as a young person .                                                   
It would take me three times as long to read one page of a book , and all the other children in the class would have finished long before me .                                   
However , the new rules now state that both men and women should drink no more than 14 units over the course of three days or more .                                         
The two counts again reflected the fact the relevant law changed during the time frame the offences were claimed to have taken place .                                                 
But for now , you know , I ' d rather have this than something else because it means I ' m doing well .                                               
" We do not and will not accept North Korea as a nuclear - armed state , and actions such as this latest test only strengthen our resolve ," he said in a statement .                           
But , in saying that , we love challenges and I believe we can put out our best performances on court ," she said .                                               
But I also know people who are struggling to get by , and it is those we should be considering now .                                                     
' I didn ' t realise at that moment , that would be the last time I would ever see her for the rest of my life .                                         
Scientists have identified thousands of species that have already been hit by global warming or will likely be in the near - future .                                                 
Those voters are Sanders ' strength , and if he can ' t beat Clinton in Iowa , the remaining primaries will be much harder .                                             
Mr Cameron said it would be better not to have to resort to new taxes but said that " what matters is we do make progress " on obesity .                                     
However this has to be seen in the context of the number of children in our schools and the number of people who access them in terms of using them as a community facility .                           
These projects sound like steps in the right direction , but much of the work is going to Chinese government - owned firms .                                                 
Despite the theory being 100 years old , they have not been found , mainly because they ' re so tiny .                                                     
I usually don ' t put veterans in down the stretch like that and I asked him and he said , " I want to go , I want to play ," which was very nice .                         
You only get so many chances and this time was a really good opportunity for me to step up with one of our main guys down in the midfield .                                     
" It ' s always a challenge going out and playing anybody on the road , especially a team that ' s as talented as they are ," Brady added .                                   
It came was in the same offshore area as a magnitude - 4 . 9 quake on Monday and several smaller ones that followed this week .                                           
" It sounds crazy in a way but I am actually doing something out there in the world just by doing what I do , because there are so few women doing this ," she says .                       
The best way to win is to run on what we ' ve done and what we stand for , and run on what more we are trying to do .                                   
I said , well , just go behind him when he ' s not paying attention , hit him with a board .                                                   
I guess that made us think about what being married to each other would be like , and it was pretty good .                                                   
He signed a new contract in October 2014 which has him tied to the club until the summer of 2019 - putting the French champions in a strong position in any transfer negotiations .                             
We did have our opportunities to win most of those games , but at the end of the day we are 1 - 4 and that ' s reality .                                     
But by the time men are into their 20 ' s , they become six times more likely to be murdered .                                                     
The couple took action against the police , who settled out of court - paying them £ 4 , 000 .                                                       
But he says he always felt British , and he returned to the country of his birth as soon as he turned professional .                                                 
" The air base is large and we have been working all night to ensure that the base is totally in our control ," he said .                                           
It would also prevent a repeat of the lengthy probe which has taken place into Iraq following any future military action by Britain overseas .                                               
' It ' s not the first time that someone has bought the art right off my wall ,' he told The Sunday Times .                                               
At least one Republican presidential candidate didn ' t seem to mind the former president ' s role in the 2016 election .                                                   
But I won ' t be covering much on that here because we have got a separate live blog focusing on it .                                                   
There ' s no reason I shouldn ' t be looking to improve and to getting my game in a better position than any other previous round .                                         
" One hundred per cent of the auction price that the player gets bought for goes to the player ," he tells The Independent .                                               
As a result , there is now an unusual cross - party consensus on maintaining aid spending at 0 . 7 % of national income , regardless of how it is spent .                               
He also added that if the police did make mistakes he hoped they would be ' big enough ' to offer people ' comfort ' afterwards .                                           
This will further strengthen the independent scrutiny role of the Commission and reflects the view of many witnesses who have appeared before the Committee .                                               
When I ' ve spoken to Ben about it , he ' s said he is really looking forward to having another baby .                                                 
Those negotiations , which will determine how much Scotland gets in its block grant from Westminster in years to come after it starts raising more income itself through its new tax powers , are meant to be concluded by the middle of February .         
It was good to hear that from him because there was a time when I wasn ' t really sure how the league felt , and he kind of put those thoughts at rest .                           
" I don ' t have a response ," Clinton said when asked if the controversy could hurt his wife ' s campaign on Thursday .                                             
" You want to take your chances , but you ' re delighted you can create them , regardless of how the game is going ," he said .                                       
David Cameron told MPs last month that the Government was looking again at the issue of bringing Syrian children to the UK , both from the region and from within the EU .                               
Scott said he ' d review it after 10 games and then asked for three more just to get to January .                                                     
" I ' ve got a lot of friends over there , and I want them to be successful ," Ryan said .                                                   
I don ' t know what to do : I can ' t get an abortion on the NHS and I can ' t afford to pay for anything .                                     
When this happens they have to get out and check to ensure everybody has got on or off the train safely before they can move .                                             
He should give Afghan forces air support of the kind which , in Iraq , government forces are getting in the fight against IS .                                               
But the men who got away have now been detained by Iraqi security forces for investigation , in a reminder of the deep suspicion with which those who have been living under Islamic State rule are regarded by the Iraqi government .             
But we have to speak about it again , because it was not the worst game I ever saw in my life .                                                   
Apple has taken advantage of accounting rules in its local business that could allow it to pay virtually no tax in Australia on its profits in 2016 .                                         
The authority said the plans only affected 3 . 7 % of the national park and included investment in new facilities .                                                     
Williams says he knows of only two other ways to get a decent on - board meal in the UK .                                                       
" There is much law right now , and a lot of constitutional lawyers are coming out ," the billionaire said .                                                     
We needed more and we tried very hard , especially in the second half , but when you don ' t score you don ' t deserve to win .                                     
It ' s a fair question , and one almost certain to be asked by everyone reading this at some point .                                                     
I had anticipated a question about drugs and had no problem telling the truth there - I ' ve never taken anything .                                                   
" I [ don ' t ] want to be forced to put something foreign in my child ' s body that may cause him long - term damage ," she said .                               
The Raiders are filled with young players who seemed to hit the wall a few weeks ago , but have gotten a second wind .                                               
It is sort of a religion in this city , sport , and that ' s why it ' s so amazing .                                                   
" Nearly a decade into government , it ' s time she stops campaigning and start truly governing ," she added .                                                     
My experience of people who teach it is that they don ' t know how to help people if it goes too far .                                                 
There were a couple of cases in England last year so you would expect the odd case to pop up here .                                                     
We don ' t want to win this game more because of that , we want to win this one because we thought we played bad in Adelaide last game and we are trying to prove a point and get better every game .         
I definitely enjoy being here , when you ' re happy off the court it makes it ten times easier to perform on the court .                                             
I would have just gone on and on trying to find it ," he told the New York Times in 2002 - only to struggle with it when it arrived , he now seems to have made peace with the show that made him .       
I ' ve been part of the festival several times and it was exciting to watch the city become the heart of so much art .                                             
Britain has said so far it will allow 20 , 000 Syrian refugees to settle in the next five years .                                                       
I ' m just going to try to take care of myself right now and hopefully everybody will be ready for the Australian Open .                                               
The number of visitors - nearly 2 , 500 daily - appears to be overwhelming the site ' s safe carrying capacity .                                                   
The court heard he gave the girl and a friend who accompanied her £ 60 each in cash , which Richard says was a " gift " and not payment for sex .                               
It is presented as a garden city , but what does that mean when so much of it is already in the hands of developers and is under way .                                     
On the Republican side , the movement has been criticised , for example by Donald Trump - which of course means it has been noticed .                                             
A Mail investigation has discovered how marketing firms are targeting data collected by smart meters , which reveal how customers use their gas and electricity , and hoping to turn the information they provide in to a steady stream of cash .             
And he said her problems ' could only be addressed by the church ' before he wrote down the name and suggested she write a book about her experiences .                                     
I will continue working hard on being able to deal with such circumstances to the best of my ability because that will give me the best chance of playing my best tennis .                               
Some of the allegations may have been made many years ago , but the cases were only heard by the panel this year .                                                 
It ' s there in print for you to see what I ' ve done wrong and what I ' ve been guilty of .                                               
I lived there for three years , my wife is from there , she has a lot of family that still is up there that ' s going to be able to celebrate with us .                         
He ' s also married with two children , which wouldn ' t seem like something you should highlight on a site like this , but no matter .                                       
' It took them nearly four minutes to turn it off , people couldn ' t believe what they were seeing .                                                     
This could be the biggest crisis to hit African economies for some time , especially in eastern and southern Africa .                                                       
The U . S . economy grew at a 2 % annual rate in the third quarter and 3 . 9 % in the second .                                             
On Wednesday , a 24 - year - old man was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder in relation to a shooting on 30 December .                                             
There ' s a notion that that America likes its leaders tall , especially in times of crisis or uncertainty .                                                       
You ' d think that after all these years , somebody would be settled with something like this , but it ' s still hard to accept .                                         
" I think he got carried away with his own importance , " says Duncan Wood , director of the Mexico Institute at the Wilson Center in Washington .                                         
Moscow : Russian President Vladimir Putin says Moscow could give asylum to Syrian leader Bashar al - Assad if he is forced to leave the war - torn country .                                     
At times it ' s had a little bit of bad press but I ' ve nothing but high praise for it .                                                   
We are still looking at an economy that over the next five years could expand by more than $ 5 trillion .                                                     
Following its meeting on Tuesday , the Scottish government said it was to ask Chancellor George Osborne to ease the " tax burden " on the North Sea oil industry in his March budget .                           
There ' s a position that we hold in this community , and if we ' re not a part of the solution , we are part of the problem .                                   
" I understand that some communities will simply not even be affected at all by this legislation , other communities will have a small affect ," he said .                                       
For example , 15 years ago if a young member came up with something , it would never have been passed on to the older members .                                           
Having a paid - off home will reduce your monthly expenses , which in turn can reduce how much of your retirement funds you ' ll need to tap .                                     
It would be my plea to ask all people of colour to take back our power so we can use it in all sectors of our communities .                                         
In the U . S . there are confirmed cases of the virus among individuals who have traveled to infected countries , including in Illinois , Florida and Texas , among others .                               
" It ' s time to turn the page and open the door to co - operation between our countries in different areas ," the official added .                                         
It ' s made because we have a lack of fit with our personnel and our vision of how to use that personnel .                                                 
They ' ve also gotten at least one power - play goal in each of the five games in this streak and got two goals with a man advantage in the first game of the streak , a 4 - 3 victory over Arizona .       
The paper says David Cameron has ordered sweeping changes to legal aid , no - win no - fee agreements and the civil court regime .                                             
With the cost of housing more expensive than anywhere except London , living in the South East isn ' t cheap .                                                     
Police said one of the former passengers , a 48 - year - old male , was sitting in the driver ' s seat .                                               
He soon realised that the only way to keep everyone on the party bus was to drive with as much speed as it could bear and make sure no one could get off .                             
It ' s been a long time and everyone understands that , but you could just sense with that performance that we know what we need to do .                                       
Now a married mother of two , she ' s long since left sex work , and denied King ' s account of the weekend .                                             
If one of my sons were fighting , I ' d feel better if he got paid well to fight guys who didn ' t pose a serious risk to his health .                               
But producers in Britain have faced a perfect storm , suffering from Europe ' s high energy costs as well as from a strong pound .                                             
" Two years ago , in between procedures , I had a natural pregnancy but I lost the baby ," she explains .                                                   
He is a migrant worker and the son of two migrants , so he has always been a second - class citizen in his own country .                                           
I was so nervous I couldn ' t even sleep for the last few nights , but it was really cool out there .                                                 
It is hard not to be moved by the experience when you walk across that bridge , as I just did with John Lewis .                                               
It ' s also good to watch matches you have won as well to see if there is something different you did in that match .                                             
The BBC was also forced to deny claims Evans was struggling to master the art of speaking to a camera while at the wheel of the latest top - of - the - range sports car .                       
I actually didn ' t drink for three months in 2013 and my energy levels were incredible and my state of mind was always really great .                                           
However in the small number of cases where doctors fall short of our standards it is right that we take action to protect patients , as these figures show that we do .                               
But analysis conducted by the BBC has shown that savings from taking rolling news off television would not be as great as management had hoped .                                             
He says we should use the value of the property when I moved out - and stopped paying my half of the mortgage - to determine how much he needs to pay me , but I ' m not sure that ' s fair .       
The newspaper ' s sports editor was last seen by his colleagues shortly after 2 a . m . on Nov .                                                     
[ I ' m told ] there ' s no option , although a radio link or a link to another house would work .                                               
" We still see or expect [ members ] to be using commercial travel for the majority of their flights ," he says .                                                 
The government already offers the same terms to workers over 50 who lose their jobs as a result of foreign competition .                                                     
' She was a woman in an impossible situation , married off at 14 and then she fell in love ,' she said .                                                 
" He came to me with a diagnosis I don ' t know anything about - I ' ve never heard of ," Pence said .                                             
If we feel that there ' s a lot going wrong for us at the time , we can resort to different set - ups and things like that .                                     
Some of his teammates took up the cause for the second - year forward , who missed all but one game last season after breaking his leg on opening night .                                   
He was not captured , but he turned himself in and our investigations will continue , as we believe he can assist us with our investigation into the incident .                                     
He was jailed for 12 months in 2012 for using false identity documents and was due to be thrown out of the country after his release .                                           
And buyers spent £ 10 . 7 billion on houses in November - an enormous 18 per cent increase from a year before .                                                 
Police said that the man would also face attempted murder charges because the injuries the woman received were so severe that she almost died .                                               
He said : " I saw first - hand the scale of the need and I know these supplies will make an enormous difference .                                                 
She said : ' I think having lost my mum I have that perspective on life being too short , you actually need to make the most of the time you ' ve got ', she added .                       
A foot of snow or more is forecast to hit Washington DC , Baltimore and Philadelphia towards the end of this week .                                                   
" My lovely mom offered to give me to greatest gift I could ever have in my life ," said the daughter .                                                   
However , I do believe that anyone can improve their ability to learn just through the simple art of reading .                                                       
We ' ve a strong culture here with a good work - life balance ; my style is tight - loose but hopefully it ' s a fun place to work .                                 
There was a time , not that long ago , when Chelsea ' s eyes would light up at the prospect of a collision with Arsenal .                                           
Do you know why we can ' t do what every other country -- major country on Earth -- is doing ?                                                     
It ' s a game to be enjoyed , not a game to be destroyed and we destroy the game by asking the players to do too much in this period .                                 
Many schools do excellent work day in , day out to help pupils stay on track and to keep schools a safe place for pupils and staff .                                         
We ' re lucky in a way to have found it before that happens , but we ' re all worried .                                                     
We can be grateful that the mosquito species that carry the disease do not range in much of Europe , nor in most of Asia .                                             
They were also due to perform next Thursday at an international conference that featured people from the US , Africa and all over Australia , with four to five hundred people attending .                               
One thing is certain in any case : shortly , we will be more active at our borders than today .                                                       
If they do not win pro world titles within the next 12 months , they should put themselves in excellent positions to press for them in 2017 .                                         
But I guarantee you that what you see playing out in this series is playing out in every state in this nation , and there ' s a broader dialogue that needs to be happening .                         
You need to allow them to have fun , be patient , and the moment they say they want to stop it ' s time to head for a hot chocolate or call it a day .                       
The meeting on Wednesday in Paris , the first of its kind , will involve defence ministers from countries including the UK , the US , Germany and France .                                     
She said she was struggling to make just more than $ 2 , 200 in monthly payments when a Bank of America representative gave her what seemed like wonderful news .                                   
The question now is which Rubio will show up at Thursday ' s final debate before voting begins in Iowa .                                                       
For this one , you can use a band to assist you ( like I demonstrate in the video ) or do without for more of a challenge .                                       
I know all this stuff is for fans - I get that it ' s all things that need to be talked about before the draft .                                           
He said : ' I ' ve got this leg now , but it ' s just something I have to deal with .                                                   
The prime minister is expected to hold a meeting of the cabinet " as soon as possible " after the deal has been secured to set a date for the vote .                                 
Even in their championship seasons , the Kings didn ' t have a big lead in the division ... or a lead , for that matter .                                           
" This matter was looked into and it has been determined that no offences have been committed ," they said in a statement .                                                 
He had just been released after spending five years in prison for his role as a South Vietnam army officer during the war .                                                 
Whether the tests were taken during pregnancy or when looking after a young baby , the women did just as well as those who had never been pregnant .                                       
I get a little bit sick of seeing these people , the same people , coming along causing more trouble in the Labour party .                                               
' There ' s no single cultural code to say what is good or bad behaviour because we want a free society ,' she said .                                             
Clinton has pushed back on the criticism of her paid speeches by pointing out that a number of industries -- not just banks -- were interested in her views after she left the State Department , and she ' s also defended her record on financial regulations . 
But among women the party won only 3 . 4 % and 4 . 7 % of the vote respectively - and ultimately failed to enter parliament .                                         
Today ' s announcement has been in the pipeline since the previous government announced in 2012 it intended to have them reviewed .                                                   
This is the first time Michael has had the chance to get a proper pre - season with his players and build something - and it really shows .                                       
According to U . S . intelligence officials , more than 36 , 500 foreign fighters have traveled to Syria , with 250 coming from the U . S .                                     
According to his website , Justin has been working on magic since he was 10 years old - around the same time that he began to lose his sight .                                     
A dog injured in a car crash has been found safe and well after what police called an " amazing response " to an appeal on social media .                                       
Just because someone has served , it does not mean that their mental health problem is related to their service .                                                       
Yet , it still looks like no other party but the Scottish Greens is willing to face the facts and start looking ahead .                                                 
If they knew I had type 2 diabetes then they may think I ' m not a person in control of myself .                                                   
One day , when it stops working for one or the other , we won ' t do it any more .                                                     
U . S . Secretary of State John Kerry reached out to both the Saudi and Iranian foreign ministers to calm tensions .                                                   
But Rubio , who has been polling in third place in Iowa behind Cruz and businessman Donald Trump , declined to say whether the development raises expectations for his finish Monday night .                               
The Republican candidate , meanwhile , announced the details of an alternative event he plans to host Thursday night , to raise money for veterans groups .                                           
While the obvious big news was that Clinton was running for president again , there was something else about the presidential announcement ad that caught national attention .                                         
Stewart won ' t say what caused him to hurt himself , other than that it ' s to do with a relationship .                                                 
The most likely outcome would be his tragic death saving the life of the film ' s hero , who would be white .                                                 
And grateful for that time with the first lady and the whole group with B . E . T ., just a wonderful conversation about so many -- You could tell .                                 
A note attached to it read : " I wish any lady who takes this dress to have a life with her loved one 56 years like I did .                                       
She also said the government should build more social housing , to focus on expanding the living wage to larger employers and do more to ensure people claim the benefits they are entitled to .                           
She was the second SNP MP to leave the party following Edinburgh West MP ' s Michelle Thomson suspension over allegations of mortgage fraud involving property deals .                                         
They ' ve taken things out of context and taken them out of the order in which they occurred , which can lead people to a different opinion or conclusion .                                   
There were substantial cuts in public funding to support the growth of the prison system - a rather extraordinary event .                                                       
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made it clear that Washington did not see a role for Assad in the transition .                                                     
He needed a very big score and now that he has achieved it , hopefully he will carry on from here .                                                     
In my weekly visit to the dementia specialist care unit , I meet one patient who has such severe dementia that he can barely talk .                                             
I ' m living proof of that and we ' ve helped thousands of people get results the same as this .                                                     
We are committed to protecting the privacy of consumers and customers of any product in New York State , as well as that of employees of any company operating here .                                   
So , how long should you stay at home and is there anything you can do to prevent others catching your illness ?                                                   
The film had a sold - out screening here on Saturday and we ' ve already sold - out our second screening this Thursday .                                               
I took early retirement ; I was 59 and couldn ' t take my full pension until 65 , and Philip was 68 .                                                 
The move comes amid growing concern over crimes committed on Britain ' s streets by foreign offenders taking advantage of Europe ' s open borders and who are unknown to UK forces .                               
I just don ' t think he has the kind of relationship that he says he has if he can ' t explain it in any way that shows he ' s serious about it ," Bush said .                   
His Long Island district has always been competitive , and Israel conceded November ' s election would again prove to be a tough race .                                               
The President acted because Congress hasn ' t in the face of our country ' s gun violence crisis that claims 32 , 000 lives a year .                                         
The coast guard rescued 22 men and four women , and recovered 34 bodies - those of 16 women , seven men and 11 children .                                             
It may be a product of our idea that everyone should own a house , and if you don ' t you are letting the side down .                                         
' There are things more important than your life and freedom is one of them ,' he said at the time .                                                     
Most people want to get on in life and even if they don ' t succeed they want their sons and daughters to .                                                 
These aren ' t kids who haven ' t much seen the kind of conditions that might come up in the final round .                                                 
In a statement on its website , the German company said the operations would remain in Munich and Europe and it would add jobs with the acquisition .                                         
The Telegraph points out that it is the first test that does not need extra information such as blood samples , memory checks or DNA analysis .                                           
Do we at some level have to go on having some sort of relationship with them because we need a solution to the Syria crisis ?                                             
I mean , in that footage , it looks like all those people walk up to the wall and stop .                                                       
Once you reach state pension age , you won ' t have to pay it at all - even if you ' re still working .                                             
I am turning pro at a similar [ age ] and I hope I can continue to go down that path because he ' s an incredible player .                                       
I just knew this was a woman nothing like me , looked nothing like me , was from a world I knew nothing about ; and I just wanted that challenge .                                 
He said the party did not process the information it was picking up from voters properly , and as a result members of the shadow cabinet were sent to campaign in the wrong places .                           
Merkel promised at Friday ' s meeting she would personally ensure the money was paid , despite a move by Italy to block the deal .                                             
Some people say it ' s safe to use , others say it hasn ' t been studied enough ," he said .                                                   
I ' m not sure , but a non - member of the Middle Earth is , I think , what I was .                                                 
And finally the issue of renewable heat , low carbon heat , is an area where no part of the UK is doing well and Scotland could do with picking up the pace along with other parts of the UK .               
The government was holding emergency talks Sunday as flooding in northern England forced hundreds of people to leave their homes , including in the historic tourist destination of York .                                     
In one note , the girl told her family : " There are many things that don ' t need explaining .                                                       
" Five different managers in five seasons , how can new players coming in or existing players hired by the previous manager know what the game plan is ?" he said .                                 
This is investigating the so - called ' advice gap ', which leaves people with modest means out in the cold , and other barriers that currently put people off seeking help from financial professionals .                         
" I was in New York a week after the 9 / 11 attacks ," he says , " and the atmosphere was the same in Paris afterwards .                                         
I don ' t know where , and I leave that to the people in charge , but it certainly won ' t be in the Premier League .                                       
The star , whose new album came out just last week , passed away from the illness yesterday surrounded by his family , according to an announcement posted on his official website and Facebook page today .                       
A significant change in the Taliban ' s bomb - making tactics was missed ' and it took time and cost lives to catch up ', the review said .                                     
I don ' t think she thought I was serious at first , but said if I meant it then I could look into it .                                             
We had to spend one month in the hospital and I couldn ' t look after the business , so I lost it .                                                 
But the findings also suggested that living on a road with a royal name can also mean your property is worth more than the national average .                                           
And anyway , it ' s happening to children everywhere - so surely it can ' t be bad for them ?                                                     
The audience ' s conclusion was that it may be harder to complete the negotiations in Brussels than Mr Cameron hopes .                                                     
I can ' t wait to present the show with my mate every Friday night and create even more chaos !                                                       
I wouldn ' t allow them to charge any device , let alone these things , in children ' s rooms .                                                     
It ' s a subject that ' s very important , and there ' s many people involved , and it ' s not an easy subject , and I have no comment .                             
I ' m encouraging people across all of America to get involved and tell Donald Trump exactly who he is and what he is .                                               
A draft 2016 state budget presented to Parliament on Friday puts the deficit target at 2 . 6 percent , down from an expected 3 percent last year .                                       
It might happen in movies but most one - night stands don ' t lead to long - term relationships .                                                       
He obviously wasn ' t killed by the dog or whatever animal it was but he was pretty badly injured .                                                       
The South Korean company also warned a recovery in profit is unlikely during the first half of this year due to a tough business environment .                                             
It was all they talked about - specifically , war with the US , which was not a matter of if but when .                                                 
" Labour needs to maintain a policy in favour of firm and effective border controls alongside help for refugees ," she said in a statement .                                             
We ' ll do that same old thing and see how he ' s taken to the week ' s work and all of that .                                             
But clients , mostly tourists , may pay as little as 20 euros (£ 15 ) for sex , so this is often impossible .                                               
There are so many , the argument usually goes , that it would be impossible for any program to reach all or even most .                                               
It doesn ' t start for another four hours but there ' s already a line of people here as far as the eye can see .                                           
Canberra has had World Cup games and one - day games and they ' ve got good crowds , Test cricket is the next step .                                             
The policy would be partly funded by requiring councils to sell the top third of their most valuable council homes from their remaining stock .                                               
Since July 2015 , the group has carried out at least 14 suicide bombings in the north , the State Department reported .                                                   
After days , weeks , or months on the move people are likely to need care , for both new and chronic conditions .                                                 
That creates a potential problem , particularly for stock - market listed groups that are required to regularly update their shareholders on how they are performing .                                           
Meanwhile , some people who were on the list last year didn ' t make the cut this time around .                                                       
If you regard film as a good thing , you need to think about this carefully , like in France and many other countries .                                               
But those she was working with were big powerful guys - she could see it in their eyes and their bodies .                                                     
In Brazil the health minister says they ' re sending 2020 , 000 troops to battle the mosquito blamed for spreading the virus .                                                 
We ' re confident he ' ll learn from that , improve and work through the mistakes he makes and push on .                                                   
I want the message to be that if anyone has the means and the opportunity to be able to treat their closest friends and family they should do it .                                     
And to use executive powers he doesn ' t have is a pattern that is quite dangerous ," Bush said .                                                       
It was so much fun but I needed to be challenged in different ways and I was lucky enough to build businesses throughout the years .                                             
Police took me to a house where children would be brought by their relatives to take part in the live streaming .                                                     
" I knew where she was , Islamic State , but at that time I didn ' t know about Islamic State ," she added .                                             
With the assistance of the Australian government we started very actively working [ in the region ] and achieved significant results .                                                     
This relationship , and their attitude to it , is so crucial to our understanding of them that for me , at least , it needs to be on screen .                                   
This morning , the Met Office has issued an ice warning , after the heavy rain last night and low temperatures .                                                     
" I ' ve had so many of them over the years , you just kind of learn to live with it ," he said .                                             
This traditional bottle was too hot to touch when filled and two - and - a - half hours later was cold again .                                                 
Why doesn ' t anyone else think she might need to be let out into the garden or taken for a walk ?                                                   
The forces were taking part in a counter - terrorism operation when they came under fire , US officials said .                                                       
" I want to help my community , especially with the education of the young children in our culture ," she said .                                                   
The drug will be made available to private patients tomorrow , and is expected to be approved for NHS use in May .                                                   
" We work hard during the week and sometimes it ' s just fun to play fantasy sports with our friends ," the ad says .                                             
Now that we ' ve gotten the Donald Trump part out of the way , I want to thank everyone here for showing the men and women of Iowa the respect to show up .                           
The former Kansas senator and 1996 GOP nominee told the New York Times on Wednesday he thought Trump would be a more effective president than Ted Cruz .                                         
As I ' ve said in previous weeks , 80 - 90 per cent has been really good and today 90 - 95 per cent was really good .                                       
It ' s a strong set - up and I think it will be one that ' s far too strong for South Africa .                                               
And what if your hotel wasn ' t really a hotel at all : rather , you were staying in an art gallery ?                                                 
" I had predicted in some of the interviews before the debate that all guns would be pointed at Ted Cruz ," he told CNN on Friday .                                         
The clinic sits in the heart of what ' s considered a " small " Chinese city , of about six million people .                                                 
A British - born woman who tried to take her children to Syria to live under Islamic State control has been jailed for more than five years .                                         
But on Sunday the Democratic Party ' s front runner , Hillary Clinton , said " we have got to act " on gun control .                                             
Donald Trump is just trying to build up the audience for Thursday ' s debate , for which we thank him ," said a Fox News spokesman .                                         
There was also another incident of self - harm in front of his family and he was also reported missing to the police on one occasion , the court heard .                                   
He got out to help and noticed a woman starting to panic because her car was smoking and she couldn ' t open the door .                                             
The fact that he ' s been able to train now and obviously play for the last couple of years , it ' s seen him slowly get back to the form we know he ' s capable of .                 
" If I could choose to be born any day in the last 10 , 000 years , I would choose today ," he said .                                             
When Mr . Obama launched his first presidential bid , he was only about two years into his first term as senator representing Illinois .                                               
2015 was also the year of the police video and often times that meant officers on trial in the court of law or at least the court of public opinion .                                   
Virgin Australia has a strong and loyal base of customers who frequently fly on us , and we will continue to take our in - flight content offering to the next level .                               
But [ I ' m ] just trying to get him to play the correct way and he has been doing that the last 10 - 15 games .                                       
I don ' t think he thought he was any good at art , but then he didn ' t think his writing was any good at the beginning .                                     
David Cameron has said that he is " even more confident " of making changes in Europe after " excellent " talks in Germany .                                               
The royal couple said nothing during the opening of their trial , as their lawyers argued to have the charges dropped .                                                     
There have been times , she says , when she has been so tired she could not focus on the road and heavy traffic .                                               
He wouldn ' t go that long - even if he was sleeping - without getting in touch with someone .                                                       
There ' s great competition , the players come really hard at us , and we do quite enjoy it ," he said .                                                 
Police have closed off a number of streets in the centre of Liverpool after a man claiming to be in possession of a bomb sparked a possible terror threat at a high - rise building .                         
It wasn ' t the first time I had to talk to the nation in response to a mass shooting , nor would it be the last .                                         
It takes about 15 minutes for your stomach to catch up with your brain that you ' ve had enough to eat .                                                   
' I remember one summer , I was with a girl - I wanted to tie her up and just , like , leave her there ,' he says .                                     
News reports said White got drunk at a friend ' s wedding , triggered a fire alarm at a hotel and kicked a hotel guest who was calling police .                                     
It comes amid news that the number of violent crimes has risen sharply due to a surge in the rate of murder , rape , gun and knife offences in London and the south east .                         
There are other aspects of picture quality , such as contrast and color , that are far more important than resolution .                                                     
And he told the Independent on Sunday that he still wanted to see a United Ireland , and hoped it would happen in his lifetime .                                             
" He was out for a year with knee issues and he finally came back and we knew we just had to find a heavy track ," Cook said .                                     
" The bottom end of the market is picking up and that ' s driving the middle and top end ," Mr Charles said .                                               
" This is the first time that all the different medical professionals have come together and reached a consensus ," he said .                                                   
It said it was impossible to say if Mr Khan ' s life would have been saved even if there had been a police presence at the funeral .                                       
But if these won ' t help , doctors can offer a range of treatments on the NHS or privately .                                                       
My mother has met another lady who gave birth on a plane , I have talked to the pilots and it ' s kind of creating a community of us .                                   
This is even more true at work , where " we ' re not fully in control of the things we do ," he says .                                             
He said the names have not been made public because they were still waiting to see who will be representing the government .                                                   
Some of his aides and former advisers are urging him to use his executive authority to transfer prisoners to the U . S . for detention or trial .                                       
They have not been at their best throughout this Test and , when they find themselves in a similar situation in the future , they must not let this happen again .                                 
When asked how women could protect themselves , she suggested keeping " a certain distance of more than an arm ' s length " from unknown men .                                         
The official determined that the offence was at the low end of World Rugby ' s sanctions and selected a 12 - week ban .                                               
China -- North Korea ' s most important ally -- said North Korea should " avoid taking action " that would make the situation worse .                                             
You can tell when a campaign gets nervous -- like the Clinton campaign -- and I think they ' re getting a little nervous , what do you think ?                                     
It ' s a big responsibility when someone is travelling a long way just so that they can have their hair done by you , because they don ' t trust anyone else .                             
Me and my children were witnesses to an extraordinary process , it was one song written after another which appeared after his second album .                                               
The energy they ' ve shown throughout the whole season has been really good and it has inspired us , watching them play with so much spirit .                                         
There hospital released no further details about the patient but it says that there is little risk of it spreading in Denmark because the mosquito carrying the virus isn ' t found in the country .                         
Rather than returning to football , he ' d be better taking some time out , perhaps a trip away with the family - not his son though .                                       
I can ' t worry about that though , my agent can deal with that and I ' ll just focus on football .                                                 
At the end of the process , we walked out of that room together ready to support one another with each question .                                                   
" We ' re not going to make radical changes but we will be making changes in particular areas , to pick up the areas where there was a problem ," he said .                             
He was among a host of players with NRL experience who encouraged the 21 - year - old to back himself .                                                     
U . S . health officials have again expanded their travel alert to pregnant women about trips to the Caribbean and Latin America .                                                 
He wrote : " Once in a while , a speaker announcement explains that everybody has to stop right where they are for security reasons .                                               
He can play in a couple of positions , so he ' ll be a good addition to the squad .                                                       
' I never thought the series could possibly catch up with the books , but it has ,' Martin wrote .                                                       
It all makes sense - we do this because we ' re interested in the science , but it all goes back to society .                                               
We can ' t work it out so you ' d have to ask him why he didn ' t take the single .                                                 
Following any initial sale , it would be possible to sell further routes but a decision on this could be made in the light of progress and results .                                       
The experts believe two men , one woman and four children were killed in a raid or some sort of violent encounter .                                                   
The man police say fired 13 shots at a Philadelphia police officer and claimed he did it " in the name of Islam " was charged Saturday with attempted murder and other related crimes .                           
The House approved legislation Monday making it easier to obtain government records , as a new congressional report concluded that the freedom of information process under the Obama administration is broken and in need of serious change .                     
" I ' m looking forward to seeing what kind of teams are going to be going down there to play in the World Cup ," Day said .                                       
Google moved its headquarters for Europe , the Middle East and Africa to Ireland in 2008 to benefit from the country ' s lower tax rate on profits .                                       
The Irish made their first four shots , all by different players , and then missed 10 of their next 12 as Virginia put together the first - half run to turn an 8 - 4 deficit into a 25 - 12 lead .         
A joint U . S .- British military operation to capture terrorists in Kenya using drones takes a potentially deadly turn .                                                     
We shared the same birthday , so I ' ve been thinking about him since I was 4 years old .                                                       
On Wednesday , the corruption watchdog confirmed in a statement it had found enough substance in the allegations to warrant a full investigation .                                                 
The warming trend prompted almost 200 nations to agree last month at the Paris climate summit to keep temperature increases to " well below 2 degrees " compared with pre - industrial times .                             
It feels like a long time since Angela Merkel told Germany it could cope with the vast number of migrants arriving .                                                     
At least 32 people are suspected of playing a role in the violence on New Year ' s Eve , 22 of whom are in the process of seeking asylum .                                   
She has worked at the centre since autumn 2015 and the newspaper said it had her identity - but would not reveal it at her request .                                           
The rate has increased from its 3 . 66 percent average a year ago but remains well below its historic average of 6 percent .                                               
Health officials in Colombia say the number of pregnant women reported to have the Zika virus has more than doubled in a week to over 2 , 000 .                                       
He once lived in Sydney ' s eastern suburbs with Steve Smith , so the Australian captain knows as well as anyone just what kind of character he is .                                     
They were asked to do the same in the second , but this time the camera and light were 1 . 5 meters apart .                                               
We stand by the well - established principle that those seeking protection should claim asylum in the first safe country they reach .                                                   
It ' s so important that people like him stay involved on the tour in the future and I hope that ' s what ' s going to happen because it ' s great for tennis .                       
" It has been very hard for me , truly , it has been a great shock ," she told Colombia ' s W Radio on Wednesday .                                         
It ' s a difficult thing to respond to someone who tells you they were pregnant but decided to have an abortion .                                                   
Because he doesn ' t , he therefore is taking action outside of that and that ' s just the wrong thing to do .                                               
Now I ' m saving for my own little two - up two - down and trying to make sense of my future and what I want to do with my life now that it ' s just me .                 
And I think that ' s going to be important for us , to just kind of ease the transition and get a lot of the noise away .                                       
They got him back and it might be a little easier to put him in the U . S . Government ' s hands and let them deal with him .                                   
In 2013 , about seven in 10 Americans listed reducing the deficit as a top priority ; today just over half do .                                                   
So even if you don ' t get the Oscar there is some success but still a huge problem in the whole studio system .                                               
" When I first arrived during the summer , at first view , it didn ' t look so dramatic ," he says .                                                 
" It ' s useful to look at the past to give context for the present and future to be able to predict how species are going to respond to global warming ," she said .                         
The fact that she changes her clothes makes me think that the pictures were taken not in a single day .                                                       
If I ' ve forgotten a movie by the time I ' ve gotten to the car park , then it [ can ' t ] be much of a movie .                                 
It comes despite the risk of a penalty , potentially running into thousands of pounds for not doing so , after a government crackdown last June .                                           
Her son is starting back today at a big Queensland state school he joined last year because of its special education unit .                                                   
The killing , caught on video , sparked protests in Canada ' s largest city after it was posted online .                                                       
There was such a big gap between the last children ' s book winning Costa book of the year and now , so we can only hope there will now be more .                               
There may be reasons behind their decision you don ' t know of and it may make it easier for you to understand if you know them .                                         
Secretary of State John Kerry said Thursday that it ' s likely that some of the billions of dollars in sanctions relief will end up in the hands of terrorists .                                   
But a planned work to contract from Wednesday - and the risk of more strikes - could have more of an effect .                                                   
In three playoff losses and another in the Super Bowl , those teams lost by an average score of 38 - 17 .                                                   
She ' s very confident in her game and the new things she ' s worked on , she really feels comfortable with , so she goes for the shots without thinking .                               
According to police , initial reports indicated one of the cars was on fire after the crash and one person could be trapped .                                                 
After having defeated the hosts - for the first time in 32 years - the Netherlands arrived into the final with great expectations .                                                 
I liked the performance in the first half , it had a lot of confidence and that is back which is very important .                                                 
As an athlete , was it hard to not want to push yourself a little bit more than you should ?                                                       
And if one thing has changed in the past 60 years , it ' s that many more people now believe that school success , university success , professional success is the be - all and end - all of life .             
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says a lack of order and control is making Europe " vulnerable " in the face of the refugee crisis .                                               
One of the fantastic things about the novel is that we get the internal details that could never have made it to film .                                                 
But clubs almost never take up the option , aware that player must train with them all summer without even the promise of a spot on a rookie list .                                     
I came over that afternoon and had a look at all these places along here , didn ' t even go home .                                                   
The page ( turned into three figures ) and the line ( turned into two figures ) then provide a five - figure number .                                               
If that happened to me , I know I would want to be with a dedicated , calm , and experienced person , with plenty of time to sit with me and try to help .                         
Although he has been lucky to avoid breast cancer in his immediate family , he felt called to action by the experiences of his clients and friends .                                         
The former had been usually right in Australia , although for those of us with a bit more international experience , it ' s not as obvious a fact .                                     
John Lewis had a " surge " in online trading during the period , helped by sales made through mobile devices , she said .                                               
As a result , she said she was very concerned the report was a " massive missed opportunity " and that crucial lessons from the election loss would not be learned .                                 
However , according to Space . com , Europe now appears to be leading the international efforts to put humans back on the moon .                                               
Their old school was too far for them to return to - a three - mile walk in the other direction from their old village .                                             
That represents a shift away from a previous effort to produce U . S .- sponsored videos and other messages , which has not been viewed as a success .                                     
If instead they choose to reduce it , there will be price falls in 2016 - even possibly a housing crash .                                                     
With just six months remaining on his current contract and no agreement in place on a new deal , a move away for the 31 - year - old looks a real possibility .                             
The findings come as the British Government comes under pressure to impose a tax on drinks which contain added sugar .                                                       
Donald Trump , the Republican presidential front - runner , has repeatedly used Clinton ' s sex allegations to hit Democratic rival Hillary Clinton .                                               
When you are pushed out of your comfort zone and when you are in certain situations , that is when you realise that you may have to learn a little bit .                                 
In an email , reported by the Boston Business Journal , he advised volunteers to " come equipped with the basic tools of the trade .                                             
And I think the Oscar debate is really just an expression of this broader issue of are we making sure that everybody is getting a fair shot ?                                         
The overall winner is not announced until Saturday 13 February but the best photographs from each category have been revealed , and are as stunning as you might expect .                                     
Today , it ' s more or less finished , although every now and then I go back and re - do a room .                                               
They say it ' s so narrow that no one has been convicted under the law since it took effect two decades ago .                                                 
Still , investigations can take sudden turns , and as long as this one continues , its outcome will remain a big question mark over the 2016 race .                                       
Other experts have warned that pupils may arrive at school tired after spending time in front of a screen late at night .                                                   
' It ' s disappointing as I love the job and loved the month on , month off shift , but everything happens for a reason .                                           
" I don ' t want to take my life , but I do want to be with my son ," she says .                                                 
Other candidates suggested Trump ' s absence might help give the rest of those on stage a better chance to be heard .                                                   
For his entire professional career , the 34 - year - old has walked out onto the court with a hat worn in the too - cool - for - school manner .                               
We never stop learning in life and sometimes , it ' s the things we learn about ourselves which prove most valuable .                                                   
As he found , it is a much different game but there is some carry over and we look forward to building on what was a solid first year for him .                                 
Scottish house prices and sales look set to keep rising in the first quarter of 2016 , according to a new report .                                                   
And that takes us back to point one - what ' s right is what you can get away with .                                                       
For the fifth year in a row , Los Angeles reported a record number of tourists for 2015 , thanks in part to the continued growth of the number of big - spending international visitors .                         
The sport ' s governing bodies have committed to making the recommendations of the review panel publicly available and to implement them all in full .                                             
Each lot in the proposed development is listed under a different corporate name , but Evans is the only owner whose name is publicly known .                                             
Once he ' d increased his fitness in the off - season , we then got to work on his other areas of the game that he needed to improve on .                                 
The next two years are going to be dominated by the prospect of a referendum on Britain ' s membership of the EU .                                                 
However , the union said it would not use the work to contract to target activities that will directly affect students such as sports clubs and school trips .                                       
The crimes , including rape , where allegedly committed in 2014 but only came to light during interviews in recent weeks .                                                     
What this paper does is to say the changes are as big as those that happened at the end of the last ice age .                                               
" I think my conversation with him was very honest and very understanding from both points of view ," he said .                                                     
After landing , passengers were told to leave the plane in a certain order to " keep the balance ," according to passenger Martin Robinson .                                             
Around 90 , 000 people , just over one percent of Austria ' s population , applied for asylum last year .                                                     
But if recent history is any indication , the Cuban immigrants will be welcomed once they set foot on American soil .                                                     
According to the committee ' s final report in the last parliament , there are 28 " countries of concern " with poor human rights records .                                           
But Paul , who is now 50 , said the worst part of the abuse was being afraid to go home .                                                     
It said one piece of research showed UK goods trade with the EU was 55 % higher because of EU membership .                                                     
However , he insisted his organisation , which represents 85 per cent of private schools , had not seen demand fall in recent years .                                               
The captain on the flight from London to Los Angeles made the decision to turn around after increasing numbers of people on - board became ill .                                           
There are a couple of young girls coming up who are really good and I want to be an example .                                                       
The government wants to make it easier for you to buy and use cable boxes from companies other than your cable provider .                                                   
" When it comes to high profile players like Harry we understand and accept that there ' s going to be speculation ," he said .                                             
I injured my shoulder in 2013 in South Africa and I came back and we had shoulder surgery two weeks apart on the same shoulder .                                             
It followed $ 80 billion in health and education funding cuts to the states over a decade from 2017 announced by the federal government in its 2014 budget .                                       
In more than 20 years as a trainer this was the only time he had brought the wrong dog to the track , he said .                                             
Many people say that the work is way more political than I seem to realise , but that must come from my family .                                                 
As you know , there is no sort of room for that type of behaviour but I must stress it was a very small minority .                                             
I want to know , and I think all of us really want to get to the solution -- and you said don ' t talk past each other -- what would you have done to prevent these mass shootings and the terrorist attack .       
The UN said on 20 December that there had been " numerous violations " of the ceasefire agreement from the very start .                                                   
" You may wonder why you ' ve never heard this story ," Bruce said in an interview last week .                                                       
" We ' re a bit low on numbers at the moment , especially in the forward areas ," Edwards told BBC Wales Sport .                                               
Because once Congress gets on board with common - sense gun safety measures we can reduce gun violence a whole lot more .                                                   
It ' s a whole - of - sport issue , and we think not only is it good for the sport to move on this and move quickly , we think it ' s good for the tournament to get it out there .       
So bad , in fact , that had she not won a tournament in Tokyo at the end of last year , she might have retired .                                           
Under this argument , anyone who has ever done anything wrong in their entire lives should just keep their heads down and get on with things .                                           
The average call wait time for this financial year is 14 minutes and 51 seconds , however I acknowledge it can be longer for some people during peak times like this .                                 
If those were all he had done he would have been seen as one of the most influential figures of contemporary music .                                                   
Food sales were also better than expected in the last quarter , up 0 . 4 % in the 13 weeks to 26 December , as the retailer recorded its best ever Christmas .                             
So far neither Berlin police , hospitals nor city officials have been able to confirm the man ' s death .                                                       
About 90 people filed criminal complaints , though police have not said how many of them were women who were sexually assaulted .                                                   
Sometimes I feel like I ' m not doing anything well but there are other days where I manage to keep my focus , get goals done .                                         
With the inmates now at large for five days , the jail has come under intense scrutiny for several policies that some believe may have made the escape easier .                                     
You know , there are a lot of teams in the league who I would say are not really good teams and they don ' t have any assets to speak of and it ' s going to be very difficult to do any better .     
The first flight will land in September , subject to regulatory approval , but tickets will go on sale from next week .                                                   
We don ' t make any comment on an investigation that is ongoing and we will not confirm or deny any name that is reported in the media .                                       
We have 29 points , we are in the top half of the league , we are competitive and always have the opportunity to win , including against the big teams .                                 
It was more than a year ago that US President Barack Obama observed : " My presidency is entering the fourth quarter .                                                     
" I told her we would have her back and all the people of Flint , as they work through this terrible tragedy ," the president said .                                         
Police believe the 36 - year - old woman , a staff member at the hotel , had refused the man entry to the venue .                                             
And while we ' re at it , perhaps someone also could explain what good it would do to force gun owners to buy insurance .                                             
I ' m looking forward to the season ' s kick - off because I want to put all of this hard work into action .                                             
At present , England , Wales and Northern Ireland have one of the highest drink - driving limits in Europe .                                                       
Colombia now has 20 , 000 cases in all and is the second - most affected country in the world after Brazil .                                                   
More than 40 passengers made it to the shore including a young girl , but authorities recovered seven bodies from the sea .                                                   
The vice president also spoke with several news stations to address the latest White House executive actions on guns , which the president announced Tuesday .                                             
It was just a massive mix up and it is just part of some of the challenges you face ," he said .                                                   
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade confirmed the death of an Australian man but , out of respect for his family , would not yet release his name .                                     
For example , on the 2017 - 18 application , students can use information from their 2015 taxes rather than that for 2016 .                                                 
Most of these issues likely could have been avoided , according to news reports , by adding a $ 100 - a - day chemical to the water .                                       
And all of us - at every level of government , in the private sector and as citizens - have to do our part .                                               
U . S . prosecutors alleged that the technology is used in a wide range of military systems , including surface - to - air and cruise missiles .                                       
The school reportedly has said they are " truly , deeply sorry " and have announced plans for a support group and therapy funds for the victims .                                         
The company says it ' s invested in equipment and personnel and implemented procedures to improve its drug - making process .                                                     
The core index is up 1 . 6 percent over the past 12 months , compared to a 1 . 3 percent pace in December .                                             
In a statement , the White House said action in this case would need to be taken at state level - in this instance , Wisconsin .                                           
He also offered four solutions for ending child poverty in America -- and traveled to places where these ideas have worked .                                                     
" I lost friends in the war , our house was destroyed and I was fleeing from place to place looking for a shelter , " he says .                                         
It should not be the case that the square was evacuated , he said , " and then later these events take place and they wait for complaints .                                         
If you want to be really successful with something , pick the most important thing on your list you want to do and focus on that and only that .                                     
Researchers have found that , overall , women who are paid less than men of equivalent education and experience are two and a half times more likely to suffer major depression .                                 
Maybe he has a drop off - it ' s very difficult to maintain that level for such a long period .                                                     
We were only just behind at half - time but we suffered quite a serious injury and we were up against the world ' s best .                                           
One of the most difficult services to claim is healthcare , which is so vital to the women who live in a world of bought - and - sold sex , drugs and violence .                           
I mean , just not do everything like in press , but also let your results on the court speak a lot for you .                                               
" At best , the players did not ask the questions of the people that they should have ," he said .                                                     
In the report , the team says ' we ' ve made sure our cars are aware of how rain may affect their ability to drive .                                           
On the question of which candidate better represents Republican values , 29 % choose Cruz , 28 % side with Trump and 15 % favor Rubio .                                           
Police will not comment on the woman ' s claim other than to say the man in question had been fully investigated .                                                   
By the time the match began , the crowd was well in excess of 30 , 000 , already enough to break the record for a domestic crowd in Australia .                                   
There have been plenty of occasions in the past when one or other of the major parties has been at war with itself , but not both at the same time .                                 
' He was abroad when all this happened and though I told him something bad had happened I didn ' t tell him what it was until he got back ,' she explained .                             
Meanwhile , the Chinese and Indian governments have invited the European commission to help them to clean up their water and air .                                                   
A separate Fox News poll shows Trump with a wide lead in New Hampshire , which holds its primary contest on Feb .                                                   
It is not easy to give up our roles and move into opposition but it is against our principles to remain in the administration under these circumstances and when our coalition agreement has been broken .                         
We ' ve got a few plays that we ' ve run over the years that we might have to throw into the offense , and hopefully , we can get together on a couple big plays .                     
It involves agreement at the top political level on both sides of the conflict , as well as individual fighters on the ground .                                                 
The head of the European Union ' s leadership body warned Tuesday that the 28 - nation bloc must develop a better strategy for handling the migration crisis , as it faces criticism that its existing policies do not work .               
I didn ' t really want to go to England anyway as I wanted to be around people who knew what I was going through .                                             
Over the last 40 years , 27 states have endorsed the idea of an assembly at one time or another , including Texas at a time when the state was run by Democrats .                             
It reached 44 . 7 per cent by March last year - but has risen by just 0 . 5 per cent since 2013 .                                               
You know , and -- and tears are appropriate for them as well , and I visit with those families as well -- victims of terrorism , soldiers coming home .                                   
If he ' s elected president this fall , he would become the nation ' s first chief executive born outside the United States .                                               
" We are here defending Islam , young people together join to defend Islam , that ' s it , that is what our intention is ," he said .                                     
We welcome the fact that more and more people are coming forward to report hate crime to the police , and that forces are improving the way they identify and record hate crime .                             
For an extra £ 10 it will alert you to any personal information that is in " wrong places " or if there is unusual activity on your credit report - a sign that a fraud may have been committed .               
I fully support this , but I recognise it is going to be a fight to get through the FA council .                                                     
On the day of our wedding Craig had me watch a video he had made to tell me how much he loved me .                                                 
To be sure , these establishment figures still worry that both Trump and Cruz would hurt Republican candidates down ballot .                                                       
I don ' t know what the price would be but I think the actors would actually be open to it , I do .                                               
The San Francisco General Hospital Foundation says the couple ' s $ 75 million gift is " believed to be the largest single private gift from individuals to a public hospital in the United States .                         
It ' s been such a tough time for my family and I . 2015 was the worst year of our lives - nobody could ever have predicted this .                                     
We all need good sleep time , time where we can " switch - off " from work , not feeling that we are " on the go " all the time .                               
The scandal isn ' t just about those not in school , but as many again who are in school and not learning anything .                                               
I saved up about £ 60 over six weeks - which was like £ 2 , 000 in those days .                                                       
The commission took legal action against Mr Ford ' s Department of Justice as part of its campaign for a change in the law .                                               
It ' s the only Republican debate in our state and he ' s not even going to show up because he ' s afraid of a woman reporter ?                                     
' If you wait 100 years or 1 , 000 years or however much time it takes for the technology to develop , it doesn ' t matter .                                       
I think you see the reason why a lot of top players don ' t succeed as managers because it ' s a completely different role ," he said .                                     
Police have said they want to contact anyone with information who has yet to speak to them , particularly people travelling in the area between 10 : 45 and 11 : 10 .                               
He has more to be proud of than just about any British player in the history of tennis , yet he has quite a lot to think about .                                       
" I hate her because I ' ve broken my rules on her account ," he wrote of one brief encounter .                                                     
No significant data was set for release in the U . S ., however , speeches from one key Federal Reserve official was on tap .                                             
It was so exciting to be in England at the time , because there were so many things going on .                                                       
Global box office is expected to hit a record $ 40 billion for 2015 , and nearly three - quarters of it was generated outside the U . S . and Canada .                               
The relationship was defined by understanding of the sort of that ' s still rare in relationships on American films or TV .                                                   
Bennett said holiday weight gain is real and that people gain on average of one to two pounds per holiday season .                                                     
She said that her husband ran half a mile back to the restaurant and hotel area to get help , leaving his wife .                                                 
She made it to the fourth round of the US Open last year and she will now climb into the top 40 for the first time after her performance in Australia .                                 
And you know there were some who decided under those circumstances it would be too difficult for them to work .                                                       
At this time , our thoughts are very much with the student , his family and friends and we are doing everything possible to support everyone involved .                                         
More controversial steps might include removing voting rights from those who have not been active in the film industry in the past decade , the paper said .                                         
There is a secret weapon in the race between leading tech companies to create the most effective forms of artificial intelligence : access to large amounts of data .                                       
The rate north of the border reached 74 . 9 % over the quarter - above the level of 74 . 6 % recorded prior to the economic crisis .                                     
" What we ' ve had for a number of years is improving costs running through the book ," he said .                                                     
We have enough talent in this country , and players with the ability , not to go back to someone like me .                                                   
" I just want to do things I like and I have control over and you may notice I have been the producer of my last few projects ," she said .                                 
Do , however , give them credit for this : At a time the NFL says it is trying to cut down on cheap shots and head injuries , they helped showed how little has really changed in the league .               
If I lose Iowa by two votes and end up with virtually the same number of delegates ... is that a tragedy ?                                                   
The ethnic majority , in other words : the 55 % of London ' s population that isn ' t British .                                                     
In a series of tweets , Trump took credit for ABC ' s decision and continued his attacks on the paper .                                                     
' It ' s pretty controversial to say this but things get better over time ,' he said , when I asked why he would want to come back in the future .                               
We were on the other side and kind of looked over , and we were just hopeful that he was OK .                                                     
It ' s been a great experience just going through all this and feeling how it feels to be at the bottom and then having to work my way back up .                                 
I suddenly thought there was nothing to be afraid of , because she was going to tell me what I already knew , which was that I didn ' t have cancer at all !                           
She said it was the first comprehensive review of the science in 20 years and had taken the UK ahead of Europe .                                                   
But inflation continued to run well below the Fed ' s 2 % annual target even as more people went back to work and wages began rising .                                         
After Fisher was arrested in San Diego , community leaders again called for him to step down from his elected position .                                                     
A ' captured state ' is when key state structures don ' t act on the basis of law and constitution , but are under the control of one person .                                   
Texas Sen . Ted Cruz even sent out a last - minute fundraising pitch referring to rival Trump as his friend .                                                     
The story of what happened to the murder victim and her family makes me sad , especially knowing that the real killer may still be at large .                                         
It was only afterwards I remembered that I hadn ' t made arrangements for the return journey to my hotel .                                                       
29 , 2014 , that the organization needed to get back to winning Super Bowl titles - something it fell just short of after the 2012 season in a three - point loss to Baltimore .                         
They had a secret affair that began seven years later but they didn ' t go public for another five in fear of criticism over their age gap .                                       
" It has not been proved that she ' s done anything wrong , and she did not ," said Moore ' s mother as she left their family home Sunday .                                 
However , the team does not quite see this phase , but rather something that is probably just short of it .                                                     
He said that " a couple " of countries had been pushing for a meeting , but would not say which those were .                                                 
" We always talk about , it starts and ends with the ' Big Three ,' and those two guys got it done ," James said .                                           
For a transgender woman to walk out on a football pitch on a packed - out match day for a Premier League football club is a massive deal .                                       
Bryant is in his 20th season , the winner of five NBA titles and one league most valuable player award .                                                       
Tuesday brought the most rain Los Angeles has seen in a single day in 2015 except for one day -- Sept .                                                     
Today every taxi company in America could band together , and they still would not stop the power of Uber .                                                       
We were surprised when we left our home and drove outside the city , we only saw destroyed houses and roads .                                                     
We are trying to bring everyone back together and make a joint statement that our main and only enemy is Russia .                                                     
I think with it being so late in the game , panic sets in , we ' re going to give something away and you see how many England players end up in the wall .                         
The key reason for the expected price drop is their forecast for increased steel output in China after local New Year holidays , the analysts wrote in a comment published late on Tuesday .                             
I just will go back , keep working hard , keep improving the things that I want to improve and keep enjoying what I ' m doing .                                         
All the men met when they worked at a large outdoor pool just outside South West London , and trained together too at the on - site gym .                                       
But what ' s more important , he said , is the order in which you eat these different foods .                                                       
' With all the physical and mental development they ' re going through right now , I think it ' s beautiful that they ' re so committed to each other .                                 
The reaction is also surprising as she says she didn ' t think the difference between her natural face and her made - up look is that shocking .                                       
The attacks were said to involve groups of drunk and aggressive young men which witnesses and police said were of Arab or North African appearance .                                             
Since 2011 / 12 , the average wait has risen by a fifth for the nearly 6 , 000 people who had hip operations in 2014 / 15 .                                       
Some primary elections are " open ," meaning any voter can turn up and vote in any party ' s primary election .                                                   
So even if we tried to call someone for help , there ' s just no service ," she said .                                                       
I do not feel that Australia deserve to have it on its national flag , not by a long shot .                                                       
It may be that , like Canada , the EU will take only refugee families from Syria , rather than young men .                                                   
There have even been times I couldn ' t even afford the bus to travel to the next town ," she wrote .                                                   
And while the study was done in children , there ' s no reason to believe the benefits wouldn ' t extend to adults , as well .                                         
10 , and officials say she was found dead , in a sleeping position , the next day at 9 : 55 a . m .                                             
People have always loved ... watching him play because of the entertainment that he can certainly provide , but there is a line outside the game of cricket as well .                                   
Some of the coalition rebel groups are considered part of the 70 , 000 ' moderate ' rebels , which David Cameron has indicated Britain may provide support .                                       
Any time there ' s extra uncertainty , like right now , that adds to the existing overall worry about the stability of Apple ' s business .                                         
We ' re a broad - based internet technology company that serves up the most interesting content on the internet to 600 million people ," she later said .                                       
But while Bryant watched from the bench , the Lakers at least played harder , even if the final score said otherwise .                                                   
These are clearly people who are paid a lot because they add value - selling advertising , closing deals and developing new products .                                                 
" While we appreciate the federal funding to help ease waiting times , it is only a short - term fix ," he said .                                               
Only three points scored in the second half against Italy despite having 61 % possession and spending 62 % of the second period in the opposition half .                                         
13 , a step that could eventually result in Poland losing its EU voting rights on matters that concern the entire 28 - nation bloc .                                             
The bill , signed by President Bill Clinton in 1993 , initially called for a five - day waiting period .                                                       
" The country ' s better off that you ' re the speaker ," Bush said to Ryan as his panel began .                                                   
A lot of the time we don ' t use it , so we were thinking it is probably time to sell .                                                   
It can be carried in a gym bag or kept next to a bed to don quickly if the owner is threatened by someone with a gun .                                         
" I can ' t believe that the second biggest city in the United States of America apparently doesn ' t do it properly ," Miller said .                                         
The internet has yet to produce a business model to support the reporting on councils , sport and business that local newspapers and TV networks have traditionally provided .                                       
I think it is a clear statement from the people who receive business there , and of the value of the business to the town .                                             
We ' ve had several discussions with Chris over the past day and he has acknowledged that his comments were out of line .                                                 
Given women in Northern Ireland are unable to access NHS abortion services at all , the costs of travelling to a private clinic in England can be anywhere between £ 400 and £ 2 , 000 .                       
Over a third ( 34 per cent ) of drivers in Newcastle are likely to park further away from their destination in order to secure an easier parking spot - higher than anywhere else in the UK .                     
A clinical trial is expected to start this year , but it will take some time -- a few years from now is likely the best scenario .                                         
A spokeswoman said : ' We can confirm that we have received a report of a historic rape dating back to 2006 .                                                     
It is terrible to think that some poor woman has given birth and this is where the baby had ended up .                                                     
It would be great to have a date but that ' s not going to happen so we just have to see what happens .                                               
He heads to New Hampshire on Monday for a busy week of campaigning that will take him to Iowa , Florida and South Carolina .                                               
This wind - up music - box of a song puts me in mind of a day ' s walk in the mountains .                                                 
After they were posted ( free of charge ) she wrote again : " I still can ' t get on your tracking site to know when the package will arrive .                                   
The mother , desperate , wanted to throw her baby the 15 feet or so to Lewis -- maybe to ensure the baby had a better life , or maybe just to ensure the child survived the crossing .                   
" Mexico has been very sensitive about U . S . agents operating on Mexican soil for the last couple centuries , since the Mexican - American War but particularly since the 1980s ," Wilson said .                       
We have a right to protect our homes , and will continue to do so , no matter what the threat .                                                     
It ' s not much - you ' d earn more working full time in McDonald ' s - but it means she can get by .                                           
He does sometimes turn it on to a level that is way in advance of everyone else in the match .                                                       
The network said it was shown what appeared to be an American passport issued in Kim ' s name and published a photograph of the document .                                           
The discovery of the body that evening on December 17 , 2014 sparked a major murder inquiry that went on for months without an arrest .                                             
" The U . S . Department of Justice is proud to maintain a close and effective relationship with our Mexican counterparts , and we look forward to continuing our work together to ensure the safety and security of all our people ," she said .     
I think it ' s been a really powerful part of my life and to be here talking to you is an interesting thing .                                               
The team did not negotiate finances , but it has said in the past that it expects a public contribution of at least 60 percent .                                             
The United States says most of Russia ' s air strikes in support of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad are targeting other rebel groups in the west of the country , including foreign - backed fighters .                     
They were also more likely to say no to a drink in social situations , when feeling worried or upset , and in situations where they would normally have had a drink .                               
" It ' s a very large country , you know a billion Chinese that we want to give access to the Netflix content ," he said .                                         
The company had been accused of " not paying its fair share " of tax , and criticised for complex tax structures .                                                   
Once I arrived I met the public relations woman from Radio City and she introduced me to the stage manager and the first thing we did was to go over the rules of what I could and couldn ' t shoot .             
The procedure in the past has always been that the scientists are only told after the analysis and paper writing is done .                                                   
I understand I had to be brought to account for my actions but to be brought to account so many times on so many different occasions was a massive kick in the teeth .                             
The announcement will make the airline the first carrier to fly directly to Canberra from overseas since previous attempts to establish international routes were abandoned .                                             
The experience he ' s had could be talked about for years to come , because his goal is to become president of the United States .                                           
I didn ' t even notice anything in particular about her other than she was the only female player on the court .                                                   
Our collective net worth fell in the third quarter by $ 1 . 2 trillion to a total of $ 85 . 2 trillion .                                               
After the allegations were made , he was suspended from his studies and also forced to step down from his Union Society position .                                                 
Yet you ' re the least likely to love your job and you ' re second from the bottom when it comes to feeling successful at work .                                         
She adds : " One of the things that I ' m finding difficult to come to terms with is losing my hair .                                                   
I think my father is most proud because I can take care of myself , that I think for myself and I don ' t let anything stop me .                                     
The supermarket said it found that 81 % of families of four believe they throw away less than £ 30 worth of food a month , when in reality they waste nearly double that at £ 58 . 30 a month , on average .       
" If you play a quick match on the Friday , it doesn ' t really make a huge difference ," said Murray .                                                 
I saw it as my duty , both as a teacher and a Christian , to do the best for them and to get the best out of them .                                     
It was a message to Britain , too : Russia can do what it likes in the streets of our capital city .                                                   
In the end , with all of the information and advice , we feel we had no alternative other than to make this difficult decision .                                             
Merkel has earned both praise and criticism at home and abroad for her decision to open Germany to a record wave of refugees , about half from war - torn Syria .                                 
In a letter to Obama on Thursday , Sen . Bernie Sanders of Vermont said was " extremely disappointed " in the action and urged the president to provide temporary protection to the migrants .                           
He spent two years there , scoring three tries in 19 appearances , and had the chance to play in Europe ' s leading club competition .                                           
" All asylum seekers are now free to move around the island at their will ," the government wrote in its initial release .                                                 
Under the best - case scenario for the president , he would have six months to implement the program - enough time to process a few hundred thousand applications , experts estimate .                               
To gain entry to the top 20 , substantial broadcast revenue continues to be critical , especially that generated from participation in the Champions League .                                             
In his first interview since announcing his intention to stand down in May , Mr Lewis said he would miss life as an assembly member .                                             
I believe that this situation is not a failure but rather a great success of the democratic process , one where people get to vote for the people they want to represent them in Parliament .                         
If you have any current health conditions , are taking medication or have an existing injury you should get your doctor ' s approval before starting any exercise programme .                                     
I think it is a huge shame that those most likely to make a mistake and get a ticket are the most vulnerable members of society - the elderly and disabled .                                 
She must work out what is right and wrong , who is lying and who is not and somehow imagine - yet again - a new life , then will it into being .                             
I had to sign papers so that he could have a travel visa for me , but he wouldn ' t let me read them properly .                                           
To be ahead in this series with two games to go is an exciting place to be and we ' re really looking forward to seeing it out .                                       
We had to make a call and you would hate to be stuck in Sydney and get a run on the Gold Coast .                                                 
I don ' t care if you ' re a five - year - old kid , I ' ve got a license here that says I can kill you ," he told news . com . au .                   
During the night I had two water bottles in my sleeping bag to use because there was no way once I was in my bag I was getting out .                                     
If you can ' t prove it , regardless of if it happened or not , that ' s what the court goes by , is evidence ," the source adds .                                 
" We ' re coming out of the blocks in a lot stronger position than our colleagues in the eastern states ," he said .                                               
A lot of the time you would send them off and you won ' t see them for months on end and when you do you ' re disappointed .                                     
The pop star ' s eighth studio album was released by surprise Wednesday following a leak earlier in the day .                                                       
Those figures are before federal and state taxes , which will eat up roughly half of the cash - option prize .                                                     
" It ' s so wonderful all of you coming out today and our love goes out to everyone affected by the fires ," he said .                                           
There is no doubt in my mind that climate change is partly responsible for the flooding across the North of England .                                                     
For example , the Broadway version of the 2003 Hollywood comedy hit School Of Rock , for which he wrote the book , opened last month in New York .                                     
And gender is also a factor : Most of her fellow female prisoners are in the jail because of their relationships with men .                                                 
This is one piece of evidence that we have that these might have a role , but we need to do more work ," he added .                                           
They have been designed to stop painful memories , for example , showing up as the site presents posts from previous years .                                                   
The State Government in July 2013 announced a $ 200 , 000 reward for any information leading to an arrest in the case .                                                 
After being told that the rule had been adopted by airlines all over Australia following research , the actor complained that he wasn ' t made aware before arriving for his flight .                               
A mystery man has captured the world ' s attention in a bid to win the heart of a mystery girl he met on a bus .                                           
But the creation of 2 . 65 million jobs in 2015 has done little to boost wages , which have risen just 2 . 5 percent in the past year .                                   
" It ' s been an amazing journey so far to work on a retail concept with a great , emerging Sydney brand ," Palmer said of his first retail design project .                               
But for iPhone maker Apple , what happens on the other side of the world is suddenly crucial to its future .                                                     
One fashion company introduced a children ' s line after the data showed young people were the majority of their customers during the mid - afternoon .                                           
It would not be the first time that the Trust has had to look into the BBC ' s payments to Miss Abbott .                                                 
" I would think that with the work that we ' ve done we ' ll be able to use it for a very long time to come ," she said .                                 
Bush , for instance , came to office and ended Bill Clinton ' s policy of engaging the Pyongyang regime .                                                       
There ' s a little bit of ' getting on with the job ', having the ability to overcome any situation here .                                                   
Parker put his acting career on hold and took many years to write , direct and star in the film .                                                       
It ' s radical to think , for example , that public transport is likely to be preferred over driving , especially by young people who use the time to connect with others via social media .                       
" I had absolutely no idea it was going to cost that much ," he told news . com . au .                                                     
If it turns out that I don ' t love S or that S actually doesn ' t love me , my life won ' t really have lost anything .                                   
There is no easy link on the bank ' s main website for investors who bought funds through the bank before January 2013 .                                                 
In the past authorities have decided not to go after journalists or former officials who ' ve done interviews with notorious figures .                                                   
In their letter , passed to The Independent , the doctors point out that Sir Bruce wrote his letter just days after the terrorist attacks in Paris which led to the loss of 130 lives .                         
Instead , he urged the US to stay strong , and China in effect to stop its aggressive build - up in the South China Sea .                                           
It ' s worth having a map , though , to make sure you don ' t miss out on anything .                                                     
That is also why I have made this approach to the players and so on because responsibility for the result and commitment is very important that your team is showing that .                                 
I continued to have after school lessons with her for a year , but I found it difficult to focus as after school my mind was elsewhere .                                         
There ' s a saying in France that it ' s easy to find fault in others ' work , but much harder to actually do the work .                                       
The present system is especially unfair to citizens of those English - speaking countries which , twice in the last century , came to our aid when we were most in need .                               
In the short term he can ' t wait to get back to the Australian summer , swimming at the beach and catching up with friends and family .                                       
He says he and his family travelled for 12 days to reach Germany , but the poor conditions they experienced in refugee camps pushed them to return home .                                       
We need a level playing field for UK steel makers , especially on issues like business rates and energy costs .                                                       
And I ' ve always said the best training to be a reporter ( or anything else ) is to work the police beat , because every story you cover is the worst moment in someone ' s life .                 
But , again , when the researchers broke the results down by earnings , they saw the gender wage gap made a difference .                                                 
Earlier in this academic year , the president of the University of Missouri resigned amid student protests over the handling of racist incidents on campus .                                             
But hang on a minute , there ' s a struggling club he has worked at before who will be without a manager come the end of the season .                                     
" Now that we ' ve gotten the Donald Trump portion out of the way , I want to thank everyone here for showing the people of Iowa the respect " to show up and debate , Cruz said .                 
He continued , " I ' ve never been one that ' s wanted to get into politics , but just support issues important to me and my family .                                       
When Cruz came out with his immigration platform in November , his first listed priority was to secure the border by building " a wall that works " along the U . S .- Mexico border .                       
" We have been working extremely hard and I just want to thank all of the Queensland families out there that have put their trust in my government ," she said .                                 
A Commonwealth prosecutor said a brief was being prepared , but police needed to assess a " significant " amount of material .                                                   
I was out of the team for three months so it was hard to say there was a problem in those months .                                                   
" I feel we are in a situation where if we do not do something , if we do not take a hard stand , we ' ll be in a position where we ' ll be no longer able to do so ," he said .   
A doctor , who had not been told about the exercise he had done , concluded his symptoms were psychological rather than physical .                                                 
The last time we saw him was at Christmas , when he said he couldn ' t wait for the snow and ice to arrive .                                             
For anyone who is innocent , whose name gets talked about , then you for sure feel sorry for them if they have done nothing wrong .                                           
Yet it came at a particularly urgent time for Christie , whose campaign is banking on a strong showing in New Hampshire .                                                   
When you ' re a judge , you need to be on the bench at 8 a . m ., you need to have the orders ready every Monday morning at 10 a . m .                         
" Amy , you can ' t just give yourself a name - it has to come naturally ," Lawrence informed her .                                                   
Last year , Denmark became the first European country to allow transgender people to self - determine their legal gender , from the age of 18 .                                           
With Paris still on high alert following November ' s terror attacks , threats in the city are being taken seriously .                                                     
Up to now , mainland citizens have been allowed to travel to Taiwan but are not allowed to travel on from there to another destination .                                             
For every £ 10 Google has made in revenue over the past decade , around £ 1 has come from the UK .                                                   
But none of this ' pro - alcohol ' research seems to cut any ice with the people behind the new health guidelines .                                                 
The singer posted a series of tweets this morning after it emerged the rock star had died following his secret 18 - month battle with cancer .                                           
He ' s no longer fighting [ making ] the weight , so you ' ll see him better , faster and stronger Saturday .                                               
While the club has improved its facilities over the years , the change rooms are almost exactly the same as they were more than 20 years ago .                                         
Until now , police in Britain were able to arrest someone for domestic abuse only if the victim was assaulted or threatened with violence .                                               
I ' m 19 , I ' ve still got a lot to learn and I can ' t think of a better place at the minute to do that .                                   
It doesn ' t matter what ' s happened in the past really - it ' s about what happens on Sunday ," he said .                                             
" We are already getting his name plate ready at the farm , but he has a bit of racing to do before he gets there ," said Field , who was left in tears by the win on Saturday .               
At the time , police said they were searching for weapons and claimed the shooting was in self - defense .                                                       
And since the cash rate is already at a record low of 2 per cent , any rate cut will not be as effective as it would be if rates were higher .                               
I think the key thing that I would do is stick in , in the run - up to that decision , and make the case .                                           
" All of our friends are the same friends , we like the same people ," Hall later said of her famous ex .                                                 
We rescued a couple but the others were swept away - it was too dangerous to try to reach them .                                                       
Mr Brown claims that complaints by Asian officers detailed to the Police Federation - which acts as a union for officers - had been leaked back to the force .                                     
We are not out of the danger zone yet and we ' ve been advised that given the weather conditions that are upcoming there is still some considerable concern .                                     
In a trading update , it reported the second half of 2015 saw a 15 % rise in new sales contracts , compared with the same part of 2014 .                                     
Speaking to the Home Affairs committee of MP last month , Home Secretary Theresa May said she would not comment on an individual case .                                               
However , when she found out his past she armed herself with a knife and carried out a " determined and sustained attack " at his flat .                                         
I threw up in the first five minutes of our first session , and he thought I was never going to come back , but I went back to him the next day .                             
Leicester insists the defender is not for sale but there are issues with his contract and a departure seems likely - though the feeling is that a move is for the summer .                               
On Monday , up to 17 million personal and business customers were locked out of their accounts for up to nine hours .                                                   
In some cases , team members had to walk for eight or nine hours in order to reach some of the most remote communities .                                               
These days , the only way I know I am alive is when I wake up in the morning and nothing new has fallen off !                                             
I thought to myself that if we stay here in this crowd they could kill us , they could rape us and nobody would notice .                                             
The pound has hit a five - and - half year low against the dollar after weak UK industrial production data .                                                     
But there ' s got to be a number - 40 , 45 , 50 - where you have got to change your strategy .                                               
The teenager - who cannot be named for legal reasons - had a badly broken ankle which could may require further surgery , the court was told .                                         
Then they must expand access to safe abortion services and we need an awareness campaign so women know about the risk of Zika and are aware of their options if they find themselves pregnant .                           
We understand he needs to get better at taking some of those marks and taking those opportunities when they get presented to him .                                                 
If the Jews start leaving Germany for the same reason , that would be the end of the chancellor ' s government .                                                   
They said after the meeting they had been largely pleased with the response , but in a way felt forgotten because of the priority that needed to be given to permanent residents .                               
The 39 - year - old is currently in fourth position in the polls with between 5 and 8 percent support .                                                     
" It doesn ' t just harm our rule of law but also the great majority of completely innocent refugees who have sought protection " in Germany , he said .                                   
We are aware that schools in a number of other states and countries have received similar phone calls in the past 24 hours .                                                 
There ' s legislation being proposed in dozens of states to assist with this problem - things are getting better very slowly , but very few states have laws in place on this issue .                           
Just 12 % said they were more optimistic in the latest poll , down from 36 % six months earlier .                                                       
Some economists said that many companies likely implemented annual price increases in January that won ' t necessarily be repeated in future months .                                                 
The president did not give details of what he will do but he is expected to expand background checks on gun buyers .                                                   
We were playing and I don ' t know , it ' s a very safe place for them to have it .                                                   
0 : This will be the first time in the history of the two clubs that the senior teams will have ever played each other .                                             
If they don ' t solve that problem , we should be very tough on them on trade -- meaning , start charging them tax or start cutting them off .                                   
For women , it ' s especially important to know the signs of heart trouble , as they can be different from men ' s .                                             
August was the most violent month , with more than 900 killings , including an unprecedented 52 deaths registered in a single day .                                                 
That ' s why I ' m super proud of him as a dad and as player , but I ' m most proud of him as a human being .                                   
" It would flag a certain user ' s behaviour online , then we can go in and look more deeply at that user ," she said .                                         
But they all agree that the economic hit would have been far worse had the storm occurred during the work week .                                                     
If you are frustrated that not enough is being done to help your loved one , believe me , the people not doing enough are frustrated about it too .                                     
It ' s even more remarkable considering he has returned to play at an All - Pro level after his third surgery in 2011 .                                               
It now takes an average of 32 months from a site receiving planning permission to building work being completed - 12 months longer than in 2008 .                                           
But if it doesn ' t , it doesn ' t matter because I still have the things that are most important to me .                                               
I was raised by a step - dad who was amazing , but it played on my mind not having a father .                                                   
She had a total of roughly $ 30 , 000 in super and was " not sure " which of her two accounts had delivered a better return .                                       
He knows what it takes now , he knows what he needs to work on , and I know he is focused on working on those things this off - season .                                 
The drug was originally listed in the UK at £ 90 , 000 per patient per year , making it the most expensive breast cancer drug ever sold .                                       
We have had a lot of injuries in the centre - back positions , so in these last 12 months I have been happy and injury - free with the manager ' s faith .                           
And it means that if people have put their weight behind a belief , they are invested in it , and are likely to fight its corner .                                         
That ' s why we are supporting her for President of the United States ," the couple said in a statement to CNN .                                                 
There are people that have lived on my estate for over 50 years and they don ' t want to move .                                                     
She couldn ' t wear any of the baby clothes we ' d bought and it all had to be put away .                                                   
Despite only knowing him as a writer when he was alive - " he was famous by the time I was born , it ' s all I knew " - she says his art reflects his writing .                       
After operating at or near a loss for years , it has finally also demonstrated the ability to turn a consistent profit recently .                                                 
They ' ve been around for hundreds of millions of years and we are having a big impact on them .                                                       
He said : ' I ' m not sure if anyone ' s every played a shot off the lights above the table before .                                                 
That ' s an area where there ' s just not enough national consensus at this stage to even consider it .                                                     
He said he was shocked and surprised to learn when he entered Parliament 12 years ago only about one in four primary school students studied music .                                           
But I ' m excited people get to know about north - west Queensland and how tough it is out here , and how tough the people are .                                       
But for the first time in my life I cannot really answer with any confidence the questions " What do you think will happen to the Labour leader and the party ?                                 
We are very closely monitoring the ability of the bank overall ... and we think significant improvements have been made .                                                       
It also requires the candidate to promise to act within the first 30 days in office to work on at least one of the four goals .                                           
A 28 - year - old man also arrested on suspicion of murder and a 20 - year - old man arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving have both been released on bail .                       
It was so great that - in the context of a sports movie and being a love interest - it was more than you would expect .                                           
The referendum - to be held before the end of 2017 - will ask whether the UK should stay in the EU .                                                   
If the European Union cannot protect the external border you will see more and more countries forced to introduce temporary border controls .                                                   
Mr . Obama will participate in a town hall on gun violence with CNN ' s Anderson Cooper this Thursday at 8 p . m .                                             
Jennifer and I were offered the chance to have this story , but we first said we ' ll only do it if we can make what we like of it .                                 
It had the effect of making the dress - which is definitely blue and black in real life - appear white and gold to some people .                                           
After breaking up with her boyfriend , a recent college graduate moves back in with family while she tries to figure out the next step in life .                                         
At the station I was ordered not to speak , refused a phone call and given no food and water for hours .                                                   
If I had to step over water , or onto a boat , I didn ' t have the confidence to take that step .                                               
I didn ' t want to take pictures and film of someone ' s death because obviously I wouldn ' t want that to happen to me .                                         
This is the same Academy that twice nominated Smith for an Oscar - and both times he lost out to another black actor .                                                 
The public is entitled to be worried about the failure to tackle the budget ' s in - built deficit , mainly resulting from middle - class welfare introduced by the Howard government .                             
I work full time for a non - profit organization and currently studying my Masters in social work at the same time .                                                   
Their intention was to have a good time and everybody appeared to be having a good time and enjoying themselves but to end in such a very tragic way must be extremely difficult for all of you .                     
As you ' ll see if you watch the film , it was a hard one to be prepared for .                                                       
" I had signed for City and when they offered me the chance to come out here and play for Melbourne and represent the whole group it was an easy decision to make and so far its worked out perfectly ," she says .         
I thought he had a below standard game on the weekend and he would be the first one to agree with that .                                                   
Earlier , some opposition leaders said representatives would not go unless action was taken to stop the bombing of civilians , but another senior figure later said they would be attending .                                 
The Met Office has put severe " be aware " weather warnings in place over large parts of the UK on Tuesday and continuing later into the week .                                       
The death toll had reached 19 by early Sunday and that number grew to 21 by late morning and then 31 by the afternoon as new reports began to come in and the clean - up process began on the East Coast .           
She was in her fifth year in prison when new evidence showed that the boy had suffered a natural stroke .                                                       
Mr Corbyn is against Britain ' s nuclear weapons system and has called on the UK to accept more refugees .                                                       
In the UK , the advice is 150 minutes of moderate activity a week , although maintaining a healthy weight is just one of the listed benefits .                                         
It ' s hard to see what you go on for , why do we get out of bed now ?                                                       
Whether being in the armed forces gives a person something or just takes part of them away is unclear , according to veteran Dave Ireland .                                             
I need to get a little bit more efficient with my action ... a little bit tight ... but I think I ' ve done most of the hard work in changing my run - up and approach from what it was a couple of years ago . 
" Life doesn ' t slow down for parents or kids unless you make time for it ," Smith said .                                                       
Last month , he appeared to consider whether he would kill journalists , as Russian President Vladimir Putin -- whom Trump defended -- has been accused of doing .                                       
To serve our community in San Francisco , we can think of no better place to focus than The General .                                                       
Its leaders also said there was still no indication when members would receive the pay rise that they say was due last April .                                                 
The future of that branch and , perhaps , Mr Kelly ' s career , now lies in the hands of the party ' s state executive .                                         
CCTV footage showed him leaving in the early hours of the morning but he failed to return to the family home in the town .                                               
Whether you are a celebrity chef or not , solar is a great way to protect yourself from rising energy bills and generate your own clean electricity .                                         
We had agreed before the cycle that if it didn ' t work we would take a longer break , but now that this was a reality I didn ' t want to even think about what to do next .               
Another driver said he had picked up a young man and driven him to a location across the city , and found that his car was empty when he got to the destination .                             
If that is the case , the match would be against South Africa as they prepare for the start of their three - Test series against Australia .                                         
" We are aware of the situation , and we are trying to address the family ' s concerns ," he said .                                                   
Speaking on Friday morning , Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said that Australia ' s triple A credit rating was not under threat .                                                   
The lead is enormous by New Hampshire standards , where most polling has shown a relatively tight race between Sanders and Clinton .                                                   
But in the book , it really felt important to talk about that because it really was ... I believe it was one of the factors in his decision to take his life , that his body was falling apart .               
" Not that I ' m not interested in coaching the Lions but my commitment is to coach England ," he said in an interview on BBC 5 Live .                                     
She said some of the prisoners were already studying to university level through Open University and had the advantage of time to commit to research .                                             
When people are no shows at events without calling or saying why , I wonder what difficulties they might be dealing with at home .                                               
It can ' t help that the 31 - year - old Prince is rapidly becoming the " last man standing " in his party boy network .                                         
" You can imagine it happening to a 30 - year - old man , but not to a young child ," she told the BBC .                                           
She added : " I ' ve said already that a second referendum should only happen if there is a material change of circumstances or when we have evidence of a significant change of opinion from that expressed in September 2014 .               
If you put a person out there [ after release ] and they don ' t have the tools they will fail .                                                   
But you can ' t have no advice , so this is the best advice from the data that is available and may not be very useful .                                         
A friend of the Harris family told the Daily Star Sunday : " They have had estate agents in and out of the house .                                                 
The Iowa polling included in the new poll of polls is split : Two of the four find Sanders ahead by a significant margin , two find the race tight , within the margin of error but with Clinton ahead by a few points .       
" When I turned 40 , the one thing I was not happy about is that I did not have kids ," she said .                                               
They ' ll play New England ( 12 - 4 ) next Saturday afternoon for their first meeting since Week 4 of the 2014 season .                                             
The funny thing was that although we got the permission from the farm owners to ride a bike on their territory - the police still came to monitor us !                                     
" I ' m proud that I got into this position ," said the world number two , who suffered his fifth final defeat .                                               
Not including a gain from the sale of a property and other charges , the company earned $ 1 . 28 per share .                                                 
I don ' t know , it ' s just really ( I ) don ' t like to air my feelings about politics .                                               
Under those circumstances , it ' s not really surprising that no religion has become the new religion , while " religion " has become something that other people do .                                   
The new social security system required for Scotland was seen as " a huge opportunity " to get the language right around the issue .                                               
There followed a decline and renewed growth until the year before the most recent recession when it achieved a level just short of the 2000 peak .                                           
The US , Britain , France and Saudi Arabia are working hard to ensure that the talks do go ahead , and are supporting the opposition closely .                                         
But I wouldn ' t agree to something unless it has the force and the weight that we need to solve the problems that we have .                                           
The House was originally scheduled to be in session on Monday , but now the first votes of the week will be at 6 : 30 p . m .                                     
OK , the last of those isn ' t exactly cutting edge , but it wasn ' t offered on the cars the first time around .                                           
The contract fell $ 1 . 85 , or 5 . 7 percent , to $ 30 . 34 a barrel in New York on Monday .                                           
[ Murphy ] was there for a brief time , but he had his own projects to go off to .                                                       
However , there is a feeling , backed up by 18 months of signing players , that Newcastle United are finally changing direction .                                                 
Britain is one of the highest cost producers of oil in the world at around $ 60 (£ 42 ) a barrel , not a good situation when the global price is about half that .                         
In reality , the houses you see you aren ' t even considering for purchase , as you have already purchased the house you ' buy ' at the end of the show .                             
A lot of people don ' t have anyone to help them or know what options are out there , so I have become sort of the specialist .                                       
Of course , at the time they had no way of knowing the impact such a ban would have on him .                                                     
The station was initially closed on Sunday morning after reports of a device being left , but nothing was found .                                                       
That said , it is hard to know if the glass is half - full or half - empty ahead of the semi - final at City .                                         
' One of the things the survey brought up was that 63 per cent of us wind up at work and can ' t really remember how we got there .                                   
Our track record in skills , R & D and innovation is relatively poor across the economy as a whole .                                                       
There would be no need for restrictions on EU citizens coming to the UK as students or tourists , the authors concluded .                                                   
The question for Democrats is this : Do you want a Democratic candidate whose vision is limited to what that candidate thinks the current Republican Congress will accept ?                                       
Anderson ' s handling of both cases is also questioned by Texas Right to Life , a prominent anti - abortion group that endorsed the district attorney in 2014 .                                     
The euro was down 0 . 6 per cent on Thursday , and fell 10 percent against the dollar in 2015 .                                                     
The four men left the house early Sunday morning and told friends they were going for a smoke but never returned .                                                     
It ' s definitely tough for him , but hopefully these couple of games he ' s going to get his feet going again and hopefully he comes up feeling good .                                 
He ' ll get it wrong once in a while but he is a guy that wins matches , and they don ' t come along very often .                                       
I think we all took after different aspects of our dad ; while my mother encouraged us to make things all the time .                                                 
Manchester United , for their part , have lost just the once to a lower - ranked side in the FA Cup in the last 36 ties .                                         
The U . S . central bank raised rates last month for the first time since the 2008 global crisis , citing improved inflation and other data .                                         
26 , Apple reported per - share earnings of $ 3 . 28 , which were above the consensus forecast of $ 3 . 23 per share .                                         
And it has cancelled an annual fundraising drive that should have taken place in April - it could now make an operating loss of around £ 200 , 000 this year .                                 
The Israeli government has banned schools from teaching children about a book about a love affair between a Jewish woman and a Palestinian man .                                               
A fourth man opened the driver ' s door and forced the woman out of the car before driving off in it .                                                   
A new plant that can grow two types of vegetables in the same pot has been developed for the first time .                                                     
A study of more than 1 . 5 million healthy adults revealed that following a Mediterranean diet was associated with a lower risk of death from heart disease and cancer .                                   
I think he is a very , very talented politician and I ' d like to see him leader of the Labour Party in the future .                                           
That means that on Election Day , the candidate who comes in first gets all electoral votes in one state - a simple majority is enough .                                           
There are so many great new girls , and we ' re able to tell the truth now about what being a teenager is really like .                                           
Donald Trump has kind of given him permission to go a little bit more toward his heart than his head .                                                       
She cannot be said to have given her side of the story , because it would have been out of character for her to talk about anything so personal .                                     
You ' ve got to take those opportunities whether you ' re a young player or an older player , to make a statement on what type of player you are .                                 
But many of these are far from close - and on average we only have four real friends we can count on in times of crisis .                                           
Chancellor Angela Merkel said Germany was a rich country that could afford to do its part to take in some of the world ' s most vulnerable people fleeing war .                                   
A break in the rain could appear Friday , but another system was expected to hit Southern California on Saturday night , with even more rain possible on Monday .                                     
That issue has become a top concern for consumers , a subject of congressional scrutiny and even an issue on the presidential campaign trail .                                               
In our business you ' re always too old for something - it ' s one business where at 19 , or 26 you can be too old ," he says .                                 
On the day of their deaths , Mrs Baker had spent the afternoon with Christopher Wood , an old school friend who she had recently contacted on Facebook .                                       
She ' s tried writing to the parents of the school , through the principal , but that ' s met a dead end .                                               
Even after months of study , Obama ' s actions on guns amount to a few relatively minor steps on a policy matter that has long been a personal priority .                                   
If I ' m honest , it felt like a tax on effort , on intelligence , on wanting to make a contribution to society .                                             
He had also served in Iraq and Afghanistan and claimed to have killed more than 100 men , he said .                                                       
But we all want to promise every patient who uses the NHS the promise of the same high - quality care every day of the week ," he said .                                     
This news sounds like one big joke , one big dream , but this isn ' t the Arsenal board with £ 200 million in the bank pulling your leg and selling big money moves .                         
Another woman , who did not wish to be named , said she was sitting in her car by the school when the chase took place .                                           
No matter how old I am and what I ' m doing , I want to feel 25 , like I do right now .                                               
' I ' m normally a very understanding person , but if he thinks he is going to do that to my son and his friends , he ' s got another thing coming .                           
You wake up in the morning , you see the news ... it ' s not always necessarily turns out to be .                                                   
She said that , to prevent future attacks , women should follow a new " code of conduct " soon to be published online by the council .                                         
A third of them have no favourite TV programme , yet can spend up to five hours a day online .                                                       
I wouldn ' t be in a position I am in now , if I didn ' t take really good photos of the stuff I was creating .                                       
With British children not necessarily able to live in other countries , families could potentially be broken up by the rule changes .                                                   
I ' ve had numerous conversations and at this particular point in time , there ' s nothing in play , there ' s no individual selected , there ' s nothing along those lines .                         
Let ' s be on TV and in film because we are good , not just because we ' re there to make up the numbers .                                           
Republican Gov . Chris Christie is returning to New Jersey from the presidential campaign trail and is preparing to meet with his cabinet and brief the press .                                         
" Foreign fighters who have returned to Australia are considered by law enforcement and security agencies on a case - by - case basis ," the spokesman said .                                       
But , a new study revealed the worst time for mothers is actually during their child ' s early teenage years .                                                     
Asked about that Monday , Sanders responded that he not only had the background , but also the judgment required of the job .                                                 
Even when you aren ' t trying to actively influence those around you , those who look up to and respect you will still base their decisions , in part , on how they ' ve seen you handle similar situations .             
She was aware of the rough reputation the area has had over the years , but she ' s heard nothing but good things of late .                                           
With Chris he ' ll always get a chance because he ' s such a good player , I believe that , but now he ' s probably not thinking about that at all .                           
He said : ' I had applied for leave to remain in the correct way and had heard absolutely nothing from the Home Office .                                                 
In this election season there is a lot of noise and a lot of talk about America in decline , and as I said at the State of the Union : I don ' t believe it , and the facts don ' t show it .   
He ' s only got one chance with his kids and he wants to give them as much love and security as he can while they ' re still young .                                   
The company has issued a 30 - day notice and will now enter a period of consultation with staff representatives about which posts will be affected .                                           
When they arrived at the camp , the found 7 , 000 people sick and dying while many others were sent out on a death march .                                           
But if you ' re asking what is justice or what is truth or what is beauty , that seems pretty important to me .                                               
But home , with a glass of wine and Fox News , he ' s excited to hear from the only candidate who ' s making any sense these days : Donald Trump .                             
The council had been due to set out its plans on 18 February but the decision will now be delayed until March .                                                   
It ' s got to be the best fishing industry in the world and the reason is that they take pride in it .                                                 
As far as I was concerned , we spent lots of time together and were extremely close , but she was much older than me ; in her late teens , maybe 20 .                             
" I ' ve never seen anything like this ," said Mr Anderson , who ' s been in the area for about 30 years .                                             
We have played for years , and had our online account for some time , so it is not as if we didn ' t know what we were doing .                                   
At the same time , she would increase price of not paying the charge within 24 hours from £ 14 to £ 25 .                                                 
But we have been looking at our monthly budget and , while in the past we were comfortable with paying your way here , we are not able to continue to do so .                             
It briefly re - opened but the market kept on falling and trading was suspended for the rest of the day .                                                     
I ' ll take the win over a good knock any day ... we ' ve just got to win , that ' s all we can control .                                       
If you look at other countries at a similar stage in their history , we ' re doing really well .                                                       
That ' s a sharp contrast to Obama ' s relationship with Clinton -- which has been both deep and complicated .                                                     
One thing that may come out of all this is people being more active if they are struggling , and keeping an eye on each other .                                           
" My intention is to stay and play in Australia and when I feel that door is shut , or if I feel that door is shut , then I may look overseas and look to use my British passport ," he said .         
It has been a tough , tough few days but I am still here , I ' m still in the tournament and now I ' m into the quarter - finals .                               
The federal police - responsible for the station itself but not the area nearby - released information on their investigation on Friday .                                                   
What would hurt me most if I didn ' t get another opportunity was that you ' ve never really seen the best of me at international level .                                       
Our easy - to - use app will help parents see exactly where the sugar in their children ' s diet is coming from , so they can make informed choices about what to cut down on .                     
In a restaurant kitchen everyone knows how everything works around you - in the cycling world no one knows how anything works in my world .                                             
European MPs want George Osborne to explain the " very bad deal " that UK tax authorities have struck with Google .                                                     
" Because it ' s a new year , people want to make those goals and start fresh ," she said .                                                     
There ' s a lot of places , like registered training organisations , who can give you the skills you need if you are looking for a career change .                                     
He added that he is spending the money because " I want to be certain " about his position in the race and predicted he will do very well in Iowa and New Hampshire .                           
If I ' m in the kitchen and I say " we ' re going to do this and this " no one is going to doubt me because I ' m female in the restaurant business .                     
We are doing everything we can to ensure that patient safety is protected and to provide the urgent care that patients need .                                                   
One proposal would shut down the falls for five months beginning in August , while another plan would close them for nine months beginning in April .                                           
When it comes to protecting the greatest 1 , 100 - mile stretch of beach on the planet , we ' d all like to think decisions are made without politics or money getting in the way of good judgment .               
' But these people who stop you and look at your pass , they will fine you if you don ' t have the right photo , it is illegal .                                   
However , after a few months he was asked to leave by the country ' s security services after they discovered his past , his father claimed .                                         
A spokesman would only say : ' We do not have information about the escape of the man and have no orders to catch him .                                               
David Bowie died with his family around him Sunday , leaving a world he had changed in ways that had to do with a lot more than music .                                       
Once she realized she wasn ' t going to be stopping any time soon , she said she covered her head with her arms and held on until she came to a stop .                             
No specific dates or venue have been given by the theatre , but it said the production would open in early winter .                                                   
I was concerned as they included funding for flood risk in the general local government settlement regardless of flood investment need .                                                     
It helped me - I ' ve been doing it twice a day and I ' m learning how to keep within the [ the blood sugar ] levels .                                     
She began with six minutes but had built up to 20 to 25 - minute sessions at least three times a week by the time she was 17 .                                       
The team that plays will want to win 100 per cent but it won ' t be a team that has played together often .                                               
And in the middle , when you look at it over and over again , people don ' t like you going after a woman because of her husband .                                     
There ' s a 1 in 10 million chance you ' ll die from being hit by a falling plane part , according to College Times .                                           
But they said that continuing and new threats from countries like North Korea served as a balance to that progress .                                                       
" I was a child soldier , nothing can take that away from my memory ," he tells the BBC .                                                       
A wife coming home with shopping bags and a stressed out looking husband is an image we ' re all familiar with , for example .                                             
We plan to have a dinner date so we can get to know each other and then two hours of private time .                                                   
Now of course it would be far better if we could make progress on all these issues without having to resort to taxes - that would be my intention .                                     
Mr Osborne issued a warning Britain ' s economy was far from the state where he could dramatically increase spending .                                                       
She said : ' She was posting things on Facebook , she named him before he was born , she knew it was a boy .                                               
She became very emotional in the studio , because it was the start of the school year and her daughter was actually leaving home .                                               
Because , at the end of the day , it is just a sport and that ' s what you always have to remember .                                               
I welcome Maria ' s comments and I hope more MPs in all parties will come round to the idea .                                                       
It revealed that in 2015 more than 700 , 000 people went to hear Pope Francis speak about the family in his weekly general audiences .                                             
We wanted to double team him and get it out of his hands at times and say , ' You know what ?                                                     
" Your problem is you don ' t represent their interests ," referring to Republican policies that had allowed economic inequality to grow so fast .                                             
While authorities indicated they were only hunting for a single suspect , a statement suggested they were still open to the possibility that the man had help .                                         
I had six missed calls on my phone late last night and I thought who would phone that many times at that hour .                                                 
Not getting any bonus point wins has made it difficult for us and made it close , but to win four and draw one is pretty good .                                         
While he expects it will show the existence of gold , there is more at stake , Mr Harris said .                                                       
The number of years you smoke for is even more important than the number of cigarettes you smoke , so those who start young are at particular risk .                                       
The EU has a vital role to play - coming together to offer genuine support for Syria ' s neighbours .                                                       
The teams backed a rival stadium project in Carson for the last year , but the effort didn ' t attract widespread support among owners .                                             
They ' ve shown how much they wanted me , which is great , and I ' m delighted to be here .                                                   
She could not do a regular pre - season , " so I ' m kind of a little bit behind with everything .                                                   
Now , that ' s part of the reason why we are investing more heavily also in mental health under my proposal .                                                   
He is unable to offer any explanation for why the children should lie and can only guess that they have observed sexual activity of this sort in films .                                       
" She was such a rock of stability in the sense she connected them with the outside world ," Blair said .                                                     
The other woman killed in Tuesday ' s crash had recently moved to the U . S . from the Philippines to be close to her children , her son said .                                 
When people enter middle age , they tend to gain weight - it ' s just a fact of life .                                                       
Federal agencies will have to complete the review by the end of May and determine if a more in - depth analysis is necessary .                                               
We made them work hard for it and the most important thing we asked the players was to show commitment and attitude and they did that .                                           
" A lot of us [ experts ] are older so understand the problems older people have ," she said .                                                       
The Prime Minister also confirmed that mothers with British citizen children could lose the right to live in the country their children were citizens of .                                             
I look at him and he ' s a man whose stock has risen over the past four years and with Chelsea you think what does that fit look like ?                                   
There is a relationship with height - that you can [ also ] see with heart disease - which is related to inequality and social class .                                           
Almost one - quarter of the rise in knife crime offences was recorded in the capital , although increases were also recorded in 33 of the other 42 police force areas .                                 
He pleaded guilty at a previous hearing to 14 offences involving a 15 - year - old boy in West Yorkshire .                                                     
After all , the Senator has never been known for his silence ; there ' s no need to start now .                                                     
There are a lot of boys who went to the World Cup in this group but there are a lot who didn ' t .                                               
As I director , I want my film to be a success , but I don ' t want to profit from such terrible events .                                             
I went more the talent route - and thought it would take care of itself by itself - but eventually I worked hard as well like him .                                         
But a friend from the centre called her four or five hours before she started work that day to say a knife had been stolen from the kitchen .                                       
Fox badly wants those ratings again , and it knows that without Trump tomorrow night they won ' t be anything like as big .                                               
Kerry said an " understanding " had been reached Saturday on how to begin the Syria talks and expressed confidence they would start next week as planned .                                         
A deal will not be reached on Tuesday - it will be up to each individual council to decide whether they are accepting the offer .                                             
The next question is whether he can build a path past Iowa and New Hampshire to the Democratic nomination , and that requires showing some depth .                                           
Why do that when there ' s this whole world out there where you can pick and choose just the stuff you want ?                                                 
Let me tell you a secret , don ' t tell anybody , I don ' t want to get secretary Clinton nervous -- I think we ' re going to win here in Iowa .                         
This proposed agreement represents the best agreement that the city ' s representatives were able to obtain for the citizens of Ferguson .                                                   
The PM said the government would come up with a " fully worked - up programme " to tackle obesity , with details announced later this year .                                         
Officials in Italy warned in May 2015 that almost 5 , 000 children had disappeared from asylum reception centres since the previous summer .                                                 
" This is about trying to send a very clear message to the industry that yes , you can continue to trade after 3 o ' clock , but drinks will cease at 3 o ' clock ," he said .               
It is the largest number for any EU country , in relation to its population and has put a huge strain on services .                                                 
They will not go back to work and for the rest of their lives , they ' ll be in treatment .                                                     
Despite starting off with two incredibly funny women , " Saturday Night Live " has had its problems with cast diversity .                                                       
A state plan to save $ 15 million on Flint ' s water bills may now cost $ 1 . 5 billion in clean - up , Moore said in his online petition for help from President Barack Obama .                 
The amount bought at retailers was 2 . 6 per cent higher than last year , but down from November ' s 5 per cent increase and well below expectations of a 4 . 3 per cent rise .                   
It was clear in my mind I wanted to do the Olympics , so I knew I ' m going to play this year .                                               
I had intended that my next job would be back in the States - my husband is there and two of my children .                                                 
But I know that for at least some of the residents of West Baltimore , a name isn ' t just a name .                                                 
Though I didn ' t know it then , being able to speak to her was going to be the key to finding a way to live again .                                       
" We have been without food for two months , no water for the past 10 days ," she said .                                                       
But the children ' s market has grown more quickly than the adult book market and hasn ' t been affected by the digital drive .                                             
I ' ve been wanting to play for them in the past but I ' ve just had injuries at the wrong time .                                                 
The Reserve Bank of Australia has previously noted that dramatically falling oil prices can represent a similar boost to the economy as a rate cut .                                             
What do you say , though , to people who have accused you of just letting your common sense go out the window ?                                                 
The hosts were well beaten over the series , with Australia winning 58 - 52 in Liverpool and 60 - 44 in Friday ' s first game in London .                                     
Where I was in my career , the age I am and the way the first half of the season has gone for me , I had to think a lot about the future .                           
She added : " Most of my ( new series ) characters are older women and you just don ' t see older women on mainstream TV .                                           
There will clearly be other campaigns in Scotland seeking an In vote - as there will be elsewhere in the UK - and we look forward to working alongside them .                                   
My daughter - in - law is beginning a career as a registered nurse and I know they will not be buying for a few years .                                           
I would love to be able to vote for a woman , but Bernie kind of speaks to me and some of the issues that I am really concerned about .                                   
Amy said : ' There ' s quite a lot of discussion between our head teacher and the team in terms of how to make things more equal .                                         
When I played for the A and B teams we got a £ 4 win bonus and £ 2 if we drew .                                                   
Department for Transport statistics reveal in five out of nine English regions , there is now at least one car for every two people .                                               
The economy added nearly 2 . 7 million jobs last year , which combined with 3 . 1 million in 2014 produced the best two years of labor market growth since the late 1990s .                           
Still , I felt like I was working really hard - why wasn ' t I in the orange zone when so many others were ?                                             
It hit number one on four occasions and also achieved a record - breaking 67 weeks in the Top 10 .                                                       
She admits she could dance for hours but " couldn ' t run a block " until she recently started training seriously .                                                   
This dates back to my childhood , when I somehow became convinced that they knew something I needed to know , but didn ' t .                                             
He crashed into her car , approached her and fired a dozen shots from his service weapon at his ex - wife , killing her , prosecutors said .                                       
It is unclear when the young journalist was first arrested by ISIS militants but her last Twitter post was on July 21 last year .                                               
If used the other way around , to tell patients whether they are likely to develop dementia in the next five years , it is only 78 per cent accurate .                                   
These common sense measures will be a welcome relief to those trying to get from A to B on our local roads .                                                   
The state has 13 inmates on death row but does not have the necessary chemicals to carry out an execution if one were ordered .                                               
" I ' ll shake hands with somebody , and they ' ll say , " you know I want to tell you about ," and then they ' ll tell me about you know their child with addiction problems , their parent with Alzheimer ' s .   
If all goes according to plan , the country will aim to increase its output to ten plants a year past 2020 .                                                   
The new Department of Health limits - which come into effect on Friday - replace the previous ones on drinking , which were set out 21 years ago .                                       
After appearing in 15 games with Atlanta in 2014 , Jackson was released shortly after the season and was without an NFL job .                                                 
The two lawmakers say officials must hear from everyone involved to understand how the crisis in Flint occurred and how a similar problem can be prevented .                                           
" At the end of the day you have up to 10 countries there , so it ' s quite a strong group ," he said .                                           
' I don ' t know where it all came from - he ' s not like me or his dad ,' she says .                                               
It could happen when I ' m 40 and I can guarantee I won ' t be running around then , my body won ' t hold out .                                       
She eventually grew tired and asked to leave , but he forced her to stay , held her down and raped her , according to the lawsuit .                                         
The city ' s water problems started in the spring of 2014 , when Flint moved its water supply from a source in Detroit to the Flint River .                                       
It just looks slightly more impressive this season because they ' ve got a reliable goalkeeper and because everybody else is struggling .                                                   
I get at least three letters and often two or three phone calls ( usually just at dinner time ) a week from charities seeking donations .                                           
That , Rubio ' s allies hope , could be enough to stop The Donald -- even if it takes weeks or months .                                                 
It seems if all hope is lost , turning to social media as a last resort might not be such a bad idea after all .                                             
It is hard to be sure that the war is over , but there does at least seem to have been a ceasefire .                                                 
For significant service to business through a range of senior roles , to Australia - Israel relations , to higher education , and to the community .                                           
David tells me he ' s been in the music business for several years and has already released an album , which was not promoted and did not sell .                                     
The number of immigrants living in the U . S . illegally is at its lowest in more than a decade and , for the first time in years , has probably dropped below 11 million .                       
We didn ' t think we needed it - it was a very small business , where you know people , you trust people .                                               
It has a number of other products in advanced trials , in areas such as chronic heart failure and chronic low - back pain .                                               
' We have all seen the pictures of the desperate conditions people are living in across Europe , including just miles from the UK ' s border .                                         
US Muslims have been in the spotlight since Donald Trump ' s comments calling for a temporary ban on Muslim immigration into the country .                                               
The 2014 - 15 figures show that 61 . 3 per cent of pupils whose first language is not English meet the benchmark - compared to just 60 . 7 who were raised speaking the language .                       
She was always a confident lady before the surgery but I could see a real emotional difference in her after the operation and we both were delighted with her results .                                   
Today , more than 40 education centers around the country help millions of kids learn about science and space ; there they are encouraged to reach for the stars .                                     
But when you looked at the numbers and put them into our model , I always believed that David Cameron would be prime minister .                                               
The hospital is closed ... the kids didn ' t go to school because it is not a safe situation in the city .                                                 
The bus will only be able to get 100 metres further down the road where it will have to wait in traffic to be let back into the space it left .                                 
" It ' s a great time in his career to just shut up his critics and play ," said Bruce Arena , the Galaxy ' s coach and general manager .                                 
" It feels good , I mean you never know what ' s going to happen here , but it feels good ," the former president said .                                         
Police said the road was closed , but didn ' t give details or immediately answer phone calls and emails seeking comment .                                                   
I don ' t think it is real , because they say that 80 , 000 people will go back to their countries .                                                 
A spokeswoman for Mr Andrews confirmed he had sought leave for the breakfast - which he will still attend - but said the speech had only come up later .                                     
When I called her , she told me her son must have sent the bottle while on a boat trip with his dad in the 1990s .                                           
The 2 , 000 - strong poll revealed employees are most likely to feel " trapped " in their work at age 36 .                                                 
The strange social media appearance comes after the 43 - year - old launched an appeal to be granted a new passport , which he needed because he destroyed his original copy , in 2014 .                         
In Asia , share markets fell heavily , driven lower by a manufacturing survey that pointed to more bad news for the Chinese economy .                                               
But Mr Obama told Americans that he had received too many letters from parents , and teachers , and children , to sit around and do nothing .                                         
" I think you go back to the beginning and say this should have never happened in the first place ," he said .                                                 
It has come at just the right time because if ever a population had to know about the natural world , what is happening to it , how we can protect it , and why it is being damaged , it is now .         
But when it comes to the health and safety of children , the authors argue that cost should not play a role .                                                   
He told BBC Radio Four ' s Today programme : ' I ' m sure there would be a majority be a majority who would say no we don ' t .                                   
While all political parties condemned the attack , there was no immediate demand that the government call off talks with Pakistan .                                                     
For his part , Donald Trump has tweeted three times since the original post , but not addressed the thousands of comments .                                                   
In his speech , Francis acknowledged fears about security in the wake of extremist attacks in Europe , Asia and elsewhere .                                                     
If Moscow stops or delays the natural gas flow , that will definitely have a serious impact on the Turkish economy .                                                     
However , the move is not expected to result in any job losses , in fact some new posts may be created .                                                   
I haven ' t spoken to him in a while but if I thought it was worth getting on to him , I would pick up the phone and give him a call .                             
She also admitted causing serious injury by dangerous driving , failing to stop after a road accident , failing to report a road accident and driving without due care and attention .                                 
" He took care of me and made sure I could still pay the bills ," Bell said , who is coming forward now to raise awareness about the importance of sick leave .                             
Greece is the main entry point for hundreds of thousands of people seeking safety or a better life in Europe .                                                       
She could have written her ticket to go anywhere she wanted ... all she was really interested in was providing legal services to poor people .                                             
" I don ' t have a very good opinion of the judge in my case because he wasn ' t a businessman ," he said .                                           
Chinese tourists were once again the top overseas visitors to Canberra , though more Americans visited than in previous years , rising to tie with Britain in second place by representing 11 per cent of international tourists to the territory .               
Indeed , many of their fans would say that , all things considered , the Eagles are the greatest American rock band of all time .                                             
This was the last time he performed live , despite constant hope from his fans that he would reverse his decision to quit live performances .                                             
Only the body of Mr Turner was recovered after a major marine search although investigations are believed to be ongoing .                                                       
It ' s going to be : They set up shop outside the Golden State where labor costs are much lower .                                                     
The allegations , first published on Wednesday , were made by an Australian woman who was working around the players .                                                       
In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I ' ve been turning over in my mind ever since .                                             
It ' s changed a lot from the old days and I think putting things like this on is good for the family .                                                 
In the 2014 - 15 season , the striker scored 18 Premier League goals , then added 10 in 16 Championship matches prior to his move back to the top flight .                                 
The workforce will need to at least double to meet Osborne ' s targets as well as the homes already planned : to double output will involve twice as many construction workers .                               
She also accepted that she had cocaine in her system while at work on May 14 , 2014 and repeatedly using illegal drugs in her free time .                                         
And it ' s important to be top because , if a bad moment arrives , we ' ll be in a strong enough position to get over it .                                     
They will also have to show that they can afford interest payments on the government loan when the five - year interest - free period ends .                                           
A cross - party commission should be set up to review the future of the NHS and social care in England , a trio of former health ministers say .                                     
If I get the parents on board then we often get the children too and in order to get the best chances for the children we have to raise the bar with the parents .                           
The month ' s total vehicle sales , including trucks and buses , rose 15 . 4 per cent to 2 . 8 million .                                               
The general public will have never heard of them - they are , say , 600 - or 700 - ranked type of players .                                               
He only turned 24 at the start of January so he is still a young player but , when you add up his injuries , you can see how much they are eating into his career .                       
Liverpool are hopeful that it is only a minor issue and have not ruled him out of a return in next week ' s Premier League meeting with Arsenal .                                     
Next season all Top 14 teams must have at least 14 players registered with the French Rugby Federation for five years before turning 21 , or to have spent at least three years in an approved training centre if under 21 .             
A year to focus resources , thinking and community action into the A - League to kick - start the next stage of growth .                                               
" As long as they don ' t get violent , I think it ' s good coverage ," his son added .                                                   
River levels remain high following flooding over the Christmas and New Year period and around 15 roads across North Yorkshire remain closed .                                                   
Kelly notes that most of Bush ' s Republican opponents perform better than him in head - to - head polling match ups against Clinton .                                             
However , he said that this would not pose an issue for Zika and that officials have already spoken to " a few companies " able to help advance the development .                                 
What will be alleged is he ' s then stuck out at the manager with a single blow and that ' s knocked her to the ground and caused the head injury .                               
Mr Stuart also makes an emotional plea that ongoing brain injuries are , in their own way , a form of murder .                                                   
But overall it ' s not constantly on my mind , how many matches I ' ve won in my career .                                                     
" I don ' t think I ' m in bad shape at all , just need to get in better shape for what we want to do , but I ' m not that far off ," James said .               
And as he goes , he is raising more and more a question that he will not answer , not yet : Will he run for governor in 2018 ?                                     
The countries take them up , use the money [ on ] their own , in the right way , make all the investments that they need , and they lift themselves up and then they go on to be part of the global economy .     
If a squad were to be picked today , Bailey could at least know has done all the right things to be selected .                                                 
It ' s time to give up ," Trump said , noting that he only mentioned Bush because of the negative ads .                                                   
Since the clip was first shared online , it has been viewed over 2 . 6 million times and earned thousands of comments .                                                 
They don ' t have a lot of range around to run , so I knew I would have some chances .                                                     
But they urged people to buy their tickets before Saturday to avoid a late rush that crashed their website on Wednesday .                                                     
Since life is an ongoing project , I find it difficult , if not impossible , to choose an all - time favourite crime novel - there are so many I haven ' t read yet .                       
We know millions have signed up to go dry in January , but our argument is that as an organisation we promote responsible drinking right through the year .                                       
She was not part of the team out investigating that day but heard the radio call and was nearby and responded to the scene .                                               
It is all a part of the preparation , it is just that these horses are heading towards group 1 goals .                                                     
The Guardian ' s report of the the initial story has since been taken down and is under investigation by the readers " editor .                                               
And he ' ll stop illegal immigration by building a wall on our southern border that Mexico will pay for .                                                       
After weeks of arguing the couple got a phone call from the company asking if they were in - and said they were sending some people round to sort things out .                                 
I felt like I was hitting the ball well , doing the right things to get in that position , then let up .                                                 
It was unable to confirm how long the investigation might take , saying sometimes it has to go back and ask for more information , and each incident is dealt with on a case by case basis .                     
An online fundraising effort has also been established overnight to raise money for the medical costs associated with Ms Hill ' s care .                                                 
We ' re not expecting to win it , but we ' re pretty confident the girls will be in the mix .                                                   
It is unclear exactly where the footage was filmed , although from the comments it appears to be somewhere in North America .                                                   
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has pictures taken with refugees at a reception centre for asylum seekers in Berlin , Germany .                                                       
" Iran has the capacity to become a financial leader in the region and the situation of the region such as refugees can improve if the financial situation of the region gets better ," he said .                       
I already have a pressure as being the world ' s top tennis player , and everywhere I go I ' m expected to win , so I don ' t need an additional pressure from myself to expect something .               
I do not know whether this is correct , but I am certain that many of us would like to carry off a sharp suit in the same way that you did in those photos .                         
I ' m not sure what would have happened if that hadn ' t been the case - I do sometimes wonder if I would have been waiting for just too long .                               
Michelle told the BBC News how she and her friends became surrounded by between 20 and 30 men , who were speaking a foreign language .                                             
The driver was seriously wounded when the soldiers shot at him but his injuries are not life - threatening , the government said in a statement .                                           
The penalties were imposed Sunday , a day after the U . S . and other nations lifted sanctions over Iran ' s nuclear program .                                             
This is not the end of my disorder , but I ' ve kind of been forced to do this .                                                       
A Crown Office spokesman told the BBC Scotland news website : " It is the duty of the Crown to keep cases under review .                                                 
His injuries saw the quality of his game sharply decline , especially his pace which had set him apart in his younger years .                                                 
We gave him a great experience last year in the Champions League and also in the league when there were issues with injuries and performances .                                             
We are taken to a top - floor flat where police have spent hundreds of hours watching the house opposite .                                                       
Their first customer was the owner of Centre Point , the office tower block at the eastern end of London ' s Oxford Street , and others soon followed suit .                                   
In light of the changes announced on Friday , such category reforms could really mark a sea - change at the Academy .                                                   
I come to see the cars , I grew up in a car family , we didn ' t come for a music show .                                               
In nearly two dozen places , it passed the 20 - inch mark by late morning , according to the weather service .                                                   
" They ' re getting away from hard assets and just using promises to back the bonds ," he said .                                                       
They were among the few on stage or in the audience who seemed to know exactly what they wanted to say and how to say it .                                           
There is no suggestion at all within the Coalition , in any quarter , that there will be a change to our leadership .                                                 
You can go and rate a restaurant for a $ 50 meal , but when you ' re about to make one of the biggest financial decisions , you ' re unable to find information on businesses .                     
While I appreciate the level of media interest in this story I would prefer not to comment any further , thanks .                                                     
" I ' ve met him personally and he ' s a very kind man with a lot of integrity ," he said .                                                 
The school ' s assistant principal , Josh Baker , told Fairfax Media that because young children were attending the arts night , the school thought it was appropriate to screen the documentary in a different room so people had a choice to view it or not . 
He became concerned that negotiations between employers and unions in the metal industries had threatened the job security of workers in those industries .                                                 
The concert hall was one of six attacks in Paris that night that killed 130 people and injured hundreds more .                                                       
The poll comes less than two weeks before the first votes are cast in Iowa and as Trump and Cruz have increasingly taken shots at each other and the Republican establishment .                                 
They have waited a long time to get some wins and it has pulled us close to the teams above us .                                                     
But it is the payment for her December appearance on This Week which is likely to land the BBC in trouble .                                                     
Some of the men in Congress did not respect her , she just stood out and they didn ' t get her .                                                   
Three stopped before the top because of the poor weather conditions , but two younger adults in the party continued to the top .                                                 
The prime minister of Sweden is promising more resources for police after a female worker at a refugee centre was stabbed to death .                                                 
Right now , there are more young black men in prison than studying at our top universities ," he said .                                                       
I was disappointed with the goal we lost , but I was really pleased with the players against a good team who are second top for a reason .                                       
We ' ve got to go out there and play to the best of our ability , and the last thing we want to worry about is if other people are going to get called out .                       
We must be able to attract and retain the high - quality teachers and leaders we need to give young people a great education .                                               
The city tourism office admitted to receiving ' dozens ' of emails and phone calls from tourists concerned with safety in the city .                                                 
It took the authorities five weeks to register your family ' s asylum request , making your father feel like the country didn ' t want you , like it was telling you to leave .                         
They were met by about one dozen well - armed guards inside who were prepared for a fight , the show said .                                                   
I still hear from people who can tell me exactly where they were and what they were doing , if they were old enough , at the time of the accident .                                 
You can ' t be in favor of defending us against ... radical Islam if you ' re not for border security .                                                   
One of the American drones hit the car , and it is believed there was one other person in the vehicle .                                                     
It could make more sense to take out a joint buy - to - let mortgage so that the income is split equally between you .                                             
Despite his complaints , he had easily qualified as one of the eight candidates in the prime - time event .                                                       
The introduction of same - sex marriage - which became legal in England , Wales and Scotland in 2014 - has since given gay couples a choice between that and civil partnership .                               
' He ' s very generous and is sure their six children will love it ,' said a source at the time .                                                   
I think we ' re getting there , with the influence of George and other more experienced players coming in , we ' re not far off that , but it ' s something we ' ve got to work on .             
We ' re seeing people who are really upset they can ' t afford to send their kids to college , they can ' t afford child care .                                       
In that time I met some of the most incredible people I ' ve ever met , made some amazing friends , and began to learn about the war and what happened here .                             
And while she received money from the government and the college , she is still struggling to pay medical bills along with her school fees at her new university .                                     
" I think some income inequality is really related to Fed policy ," he said when asked to explain why it should matter to ordinary people .                                           
We need to agree concrete action that will give hope to so many , jobs so they can provide for their families and education for their children .                                         
But life does still go on , so it ' s really important that these families can just de - stress and have fun .                                               
Taylor served almost 17 years in prison for murder before a three - judge panel released him in February 2010 .                                                       
And then , probably because of all this , he turned watching them into a tradition with me and my brother .                                                     
He was just that kind of broadcaster who made everybody feel at home and feel as if they were the only one in the world he was talking to .                                     
His performances in the Test series in South Africa suggest he has plenty more to offer in the 50 - over game .                                                   
The University of Sydney told Fairfax that it aimed to reduce and replace the use of all animals in research .                                                       
' But in total I was in the pool for about 30 minutes and you still can ' t tell what ' s going through their minds .                                         
They will be all too aware from an earlier episode in this crisis that photographs of vulnerable children can have a strong effect on public opinion .                                           
She also called on Congress to " fully fund " the President ' s request for $ 1 billion in assistance to Central America .                                               
Both countries recognise the right in different ways , yet large numbers of citizens do not enjoy it in practice .                                                       
He was asked to lay out a city , or a country , that ' s why they kept him hidden in the city .                                               
Just as you only learn to drive after passing your test , you only really learn how to play a role after press night .                                               
The exchange today comes one day before the former president will be in New Hampshire to campaign on behalf of his wife .                                                   
" This settlement will allow me to survive and to enjoy however many years I have left in me , which hopefully is a very large number ," he said .                                   
If you don ' t run I will pull Alex on the floor and I will break every bone in his body !                                                   
According to Labour , the gap has grown for the third consecutive year and is now bigger than when David Cameron took office in 2010 .                                             
Children ' s books do tend to get less mainstream coverage than adult books , so when something like this happens , it ' s incredibly important .                                         
Some 37 per cent saw a doctor more than five times before their diagnosis compared to 24 per cent of men .                                                     
I was pleased I was being given a free course and it was somewhere to go each week and that was really important for me .                                             
Hillary Clinton , as the former secretary of state , had to live her life according to a very strict schedule -- even on her birthday .                                           
When we no longer have survivors among us , this memorial will help to ensure that their experiences are never forgotten .                                                     
As I entered my teenage years I discovered that if I wanted to go out or celebrate a particular occasion then I had to pay for it myself .                                       
That only costs $ 99 - but requires a Samsung phone to power it , which has to be bought on top .                                                   
On Wednesday , New York - based Human Rights Watch said in its annual report that militant attacks across Egypt had increased dramatically in 2015 , despite Egypt ' s commitment of additional security forces .                         
" It ' s something that you have to come to terms with yourself , it ' s something that you have to want to quit and want to get off of ," Bell said .                         
He said the teenager had been scared of going home after the school had contacted her parents over an incident at school .                                                   
In August , after I ' d been in the hospital for seven months , the doctor said I could finally go home .                                                 
Rights of Women lost an earlier challenge in the High Court in its attempt to make it easier for victims of domestic violence to obtain legal aid .                                         
Government departments , local councils and other parts of the public sector have had to make savings to help reduce Britain ' s deficit .                                               
" As I have said repeatedly , our borders are not open to illegal migration ," Johnson said last week .                                                       
John Terry was absolutely on the button about his influence but I would say he is probably worth more than 15 points .                                                   
If there ' s any country that has the capacity not to control North Korea , but to influence North Korea , it ' s still China .                                         
For it is not enough for a romantic hero just to know how to dance but also to make you laugh .                                                     
And despite apparently promising to contact him with the results in the coming weeks , he claims police haven ' t been in touch , leaving him worried he is considered a suspect .                             
He was forced to lay up on all four par - 5 holes and took advantage of many short approach shots .                                                     
In terms of fully dealing with my mum ' s death I know I ' m probably just putting it off , but for now life is good .                                       
Sweden , which is home to 9 . 8 million people , is one of the European Union countries that has taken in the largest number of refugees in relation to its population .                             
28 that the task force ' s " harsh " verdict suggested that personnel changes at the environmental department scheduled for after the holidays should not wait .                                         
An academy employee has filed a lawsuit claiming she was fired last month for reporting the sexual abuse of a female student to authorities .                                               
She added the aim of the guidelines was to give the public the most up - to - date scientific information to allow them to make " informed decisions " about their drinking .                             
" You ' d have to ask quite a few people in the street before you find someone who can name three ," he says .                                             
US Secretary of State John Kerry has sharply criticised North Korea for carrying out a fourth nuclear test , despite international warnings .                                                   
Given everything that we have here it ' s definitely up there with the very good times for me ," she said .                                                   
If the court would decide today according to current circumstances , there would be conviction certainly , independent [ of ] what is in in the case file .                                       
The candidates ' official campaigns , which collect smaller checks , must also report their end - of - year fundraising and spending activities Sunday .                                             
" I ' m not willing to say it was an error in judgment because nothing I did was wrong ," she said .                                                 
Austria has decided to cap the number of asylum seekers it will accept in 2016 , at 37 , 500 .                                                       
" He ' s been getting away with murder ," the billionaire said of Mr . Obama ' s planned executive action .                                                   
The glass has now been re - installed , creating a stunning display that has not been witnessed by any living person .                                                   
But Saudi Arabia does not appear on either list despite having one of the worst human rights records in the Middle East .                                                   
In January 2015 , we made material changes to our business that addressed the majority of the historic practices referred to in the report .                                               
Olympic officials have not confirmed the new guidelines , which have already been adopted by other regulatory sports organizations , but the policy is available on the organization ' s website .                                 
' English , Welsh , Scottish and Northern Irish football gains so much from being in Europe ,' she said .                                                       
We ' ve been lucky enough to use a big squad over the summer and although we ' re missing a few key players , we have guys who can step in and we know are up to the task .               
" And so that ' s the problem here is we know the ones that have higher levels to do appropriate follow - up care ," he said .                                       
However , it still remains well outside the budget of most riding schools , which usually go for cheaper options at around £ 300 .                                               
By one popular estimate , 65 per cent of children entering primary school today will ultimately end up working in completely new job types that don ' t yet exist .                                   
But I understand that as a young player , he wants to test himself at the very top level of football and for that , he ' ll eventually need to go to Europe .                           
In a shock move , David Cameron steps down as Prime Minister in order to become President of the European Commission - and asks his aides to start investigating good " date night " restaurants in Brussels .                     
Among them is a reminder that in New Zealand cars drive on the left - hand side of the road .                                                       
But I also know there are so many other songs left for me to discover and I look forward to the journey .                                                   
The problem is that despite his age of 27 , right now he ' s a rookie with relatively little American football experience who , as was shown on two key plays against the Lions , makes crucial mistakes .                 
As an England player , whatever your position , there ' s always competition but the biggest competition is in my head .                                                   
But the idea that a student loan might be used to pay back another high - interest short - term loan has raised concerns among student bodies .                                         
The first pre - season test begins in Barcelona on 22 February while the season starts in Melbourne four weeks later .                                                     
One area of common ground between the Republican Congress and Obama could be criminal justice reforms , but no votes have been scheduled .                                                 
Obama , though , missed the mark entirely on a $ 3 , 000 tax credit he said would make quality child care more affordable .                                             
Yet millions of other people have the freedom to have those very same things and will never use them to kill .                                                     
He ' s also tweeted his own thoughts about the new collection , suggesting " This is not album of the year .                                                   
The green light was mine , and to have him on loan is less of a risk for the club .                                                       
I think there are some risks but it ' s still an economy I ' m happy to be doing business in .                                                   
All of us are volunteers , and those of us who don ' t know how to teach those skills can learn .                                                   
I felt physically sick when the judge handed down a sentence of 27 months and I discovered he would serve just half of that .                                               
This Test squad is motivated and determined to turn our performances around and I ' m looking forward to taking up that challenge as captain .                                             
We have an advance force on the ground who will make an assessment of the situation and identify where attacks should be made and highlight the threats to our forces .                                   
Two other similar academic positions studying transgender issues have been established but are no longer active , according to university officials .                                                     
I ' m myself , I ' m not trying to be anybody else - it ' s just a little bit more turned up .                                             
The industrial action , held in protest at changes to pay and working hours , has led to about 4 , 000 operations planned for Tuesday being cancelled , The Mail on Sunday understands .                           
I recently dropped off one of my daughters at a soccer practice and was surprised at how many parents were staying to watch .                                                 
This was not the " grab for natural resources " described by the Labour leader , nor does it change the strategic facts in Europe itself .                                           
Instead , it has got worse - and increasing numbers of refugees in 2015 mean the problem has almost certainly got even more serious .                                               
" The Academy is going to lead and not wait for the industry to catch up ," she said in a statement .                                                   
But the change won ' t be easy , neither for regulators nor the existing marijuana businesses in legal states .                                                       
I spend so much money , time and effort on how I look , why would I waste my time with a man my own age who doesn ' t look after himself ?                             
The couple were planning to build a family home on their rural property , which offers views of Boston Bay .                                                       
The Chinese cruise market grew by nearly 80 % from 2012 to 2014 to nearly 700 , 000 passengers , according to the trade group .                                             
In 2011 , he made a Sunday charge with a 66 on the South , but lost by three to Watson .                                                     
A Northern Irish woman is to stand trial accused of attempting to bring about an abortion , it has been reported .                                                     
We ' re going to examine him from all sides and ask - how well do we know the people closest to us ?                                                 
And , previous research has suggested that getting just four or five hours of sleep a night can boost type 2 diabetes risk by nearly 20 percent .                                         
The type of illness appears to be a strain normally associated with China , Japan , Central and South America .                                                       
Of those who would prefer IS to stay in Mosul ( 39 per cent ), only a third actually support them .                                                     
Police believe a " number of shots " were fired from a car driving past the club just before 11 . 30pm .                                                   
McDonald ' s has said they carried out a " full investigation " and that the incident did not occur .                                                       
I think Canberra ' s got good claims to it , so I ' m not for one second going to get into a Canberra - versus - Sydney thing .                                   
Of course you don ' t expect that kind of answer and a little bit disappointing because you ' re not used to seeing that , it just doesn ' t happen normally .                             
You can ' t expect thousands of families to move out of the area without it having an impact on the local economy .                                                 
In the three months to November , the number of people in work in Wales grew by 48 , 000 compared with the same time last year .                                         
The prize money , which started out at $ 40 million two months ago , has hit a world record .                                                       
" People do want to see real change ," she said , adding that she would be looking towards the future .                                                     
States including California and New York passed their own equal pay laws last year , and a number of states will consider similar legislation this year .                                           
" We wanted to see how quickly we could get them into shape : lose some fat , but still retain their muscle and improve their strength and fitness ," he said .                               
I ' ll ask your parents , who moved mountains to bring you to Europe , to keep it safe so you can read it when you ' re older .                                   
There were a couple of smart comments but I lead horses every day , this was just a bit more public .                                                     
That will continue because we just love the way he ' s going about it and it ' s great to see him get the reward .                                           
The film not only won seven Academy Awards but it also sparked a huge boost in tourism to East Africa in 1980s .                                                   
She said : ' I ' ve struggled with my weight all my life and did very little exercise up until a few years ago .                                               
Then you come across a man - or rather , two men - who essentially change the course of your life .                                                     
He cited the risk of some countries in the European Union wanting to re - establish borders within the 28 - nation bloc , as security issues grow over the lack of checks .                             
The 14 - year - old , also from the city and who cannot be named because of his age , will be sentenced after the trial .                                         
Since Duncan arrived with the Spurs in 1997 , the Warriors are 10 - 56 in the regular season against them , 12 - 60 if you count the 2013 playoff series .                               
It will be quite a while - and this is on the scale of about a decade for a vaccine to be developed usually .                                               
He looked in middle - aged , he was absolutely covered in blood and had cuts to his head and arms and back and legs .                                             
The former mayor was ordered to pay legal costs of £ 500 , 000 to the people who initially accused him of corruption .                                                 
" I was told they don ' t have to speak English ; we will have a Turkish class , with a Turkish teacher ," she said .                                         
The U . S . refugee program came under fresh criticism after federal authorities revealed that two Iraqi - born men arrested on terrorism - related charges had come to America as refugees .                             
And conservatives have been dropping in the polls and leaving the race , so Cruz is hoping there ' s an opening on the right for him .                                         
My primary aim is to follow a proper process , not necessarily find ways around the process because I don ' t like what is happening .                                           
And it ' s the same point I made with my friend : We ' re not in the room where the decisions are made .                                             
It is the story what fate had in store for these men in the days before football meant financial security for life .                                                   
" It was cool to take on this character with such deep roots ," he told the Los Angeles Times over the summer .                                                 
It ' s still at a record level , and it ' s about behaviour change as well , it ' s not just about throwing money at certain projects .                                   
He added : ' The reaction seemed to go through the roof and there have been more than 400 likes so far .                                                     
About 40 % of Northern Ireland ' s external sales of food and drink go the EU , mainly the Republic of Ireland .                                                 
" We tried to be very accurate and obviously keep it in a two - hour movie window ," Bay said .                                                     
In a leading article , the Financial Times says the settlement is a " drop in the ocean " for Google and there has been a lack of transparency , but it should be welcomed .                         
It ' s not going to prevent every mass shooting ," Obama acknowledged in a brief statement to reporters in the Oval Office .                                                 
However , the Times reports that state prosecutors have yet to confirm whether there was a religious element to the clash .                                                     
" There ' s a bit of smoke in the air because of the wind change , but it was a quiet night ," she said .                                           
The service picked up another 46 million users during the final three months of last year to expand its worldwide audience to 1 . 59 billion users .                                         
His potential was huge , he was improving rapidly and I ' m certain that he would have played for England .                                                     
I think people are a little quick to forget that we have been first in the Premier League this season .                                                       
But according to a detailed doctor ' s note released by Bernie Sanders ' campaign on Wednesday , the Vermont senator may give Trump a run for his money in the health department .                             
She says she only found out about the existence of the divorce in November when a tax bill arrived at her home and her name was not on it .                                     
Under France ' s 3 , 800 - page labour code , workers on permanent contracts receive generous benefits and are extremely hard to get rid of .                                         
But crude oil prices rose on the back of news that Saudi Arabia had broken off diplomatic ties with Iran .                                                       
Unlike many players on this list , he ' s still young enough - he doesn ' t turn 25 until July - that future all - star trips still seem like a possibility .                           
Following the January attacks , the government announced it planned to give police better equipment and to hire more intelligence agents .                                                     
No further action will be taken against a 29 - year - old man arrested in connection with the same offences .                                                     
However , that sum is less than the $ 150 , 000 the group members said they had been asked to provide as security before the appeal .                                         
She added that temperatures will continue to climb into Sunday and Monday with the entire weekend and early parts of next week enjoying ' significantly above average ' conditions .                                     
It ' s pretty special , and looking at it now there ' s no place I ' d rather end up .                                                   
I really just tried to hang in there and run after every single ball and just keep fighting on every single point because that ' s all I can do at the end of the day .                       
Although you ' re locked in , there ' s still an emergency exit and you ' ll be able to get out if you really , really need to .                                   
All the blood has rushed to my head , and all I can think is that I need to get out of here .                                                 
The Welsh secretary is backing Prime Minister David Cameron ' s push for change , on issues such as benefit rules .                                                     
As suicide is now the leading cause of death for men under 50 , there are few bigger health issues .                                                       
It is the board ' s responsibility to assist each owner in protecting that asset and maintaining the common areas .                                                       
' It comes down to two things : There ' s fair and there ' s unfair , and I am always going to vote for the fair .                                       
Whether you like the details of Clinton ' s plan or not , she has now set a new floor for what a presidential candidate can be expected to do .                                   
No start date has been set for a trial , but if eventually convicted , he could face a maximum of 10 years in jail .                                             
They are also allowed to carry out activities which are in the public good , such as to save an individual ' s life or prevent serious damage to a person or property .                             
They felt at that time it was about as secure an investment as you could get in an entertainment company or product .                                                   
" From the School ' s perspective today -- and as almost all victims and numerous other witnesses indicated -- we believe the School could have done more to keep its students safe ," St . George ' s report said .             
The new rules were first announced Monday by Prime Minister David Cameron , along with a new $ 28 . 5 million initiative to teach immigrant Muslim women English language skills .                                 
' It ' s nice to think there are still some kind and decent people around and I think they deserve some recognition .                                                 
Many people displaced now nearly 50 years ago are still in refugee camps with little prospect of ever returning to their home villages .                                                 
The talks are the first step in an ambitious 18 - month plan , endorsed by the UN , to bring about a political transition in Syria .                                         
You shouldn ' t have to fight - they should be working for us not against us and it feels like we ' re fighting them every inch of the way .                                 
To you , the people of Flint , I say tonight as I have before : I am sorry , and I will fix it .                                             
They ' ll want to know they have a party that is being led in its advance with the electorate .                                                       
The decision is likely to come this June in the middle of the 2016 presidential campaign , in which the question of how to cope with the nation ' s immigration problem has deeply divided the two parties .                   
" I felt I did quite a good job of removing any sort of occasion from the match ," she said .                                                     
There are now just 13 days remaining for clubs to sign players - will it be a period that ' s lucky for some ?                                               
" I need to do it for long enough to have a chance , I ' m aware of that ," Murray said .                                                 
" You ' d think that after all these years , somebody would be settled with something like this , but it ' s still hard to accept ," said the actress .                               
Even if we had failed her , I can only think that the loss of one ' s children would result in more pain than resolution .                                           
She said : " There ' s about five or six that I see on a permanent basis and one that I see every ten days or so .                                         
" That ' s what our campaign is about , it is thinking big ," Sanders said at a primary debate earlier this month .                                               
Whether it ' s a two - minute date or a song - and - dance number , everything has made me better .                                                 
Those that could no longer travel abroad might stay in the UK , increasing net migration further , it has been suggested .                                                   
She said : " Until November we knew nothing , this has caught us by surprise and we ' re trying to learn as fast as we can .                                         
Nearly four million of the 10 . 2 million people in Britain required to fill in tax returns have not yet sent them in - and they now have less than four weeks left in which to do so .                 
Well , even though you and I had an agreement that you wouldn ' t ask me that , which we did .                                                   
Those detained were taken to federal immigrant family detention centers , including a large center about 70 miles south of San Antonio .                                                   
In his four years leading it , he also pushed for an increase in the proportion of women in the ranks .                                                     
' I don ' t want her to go to prison and be taken away from her kids , I just want her to be responsible for what she has done .                                 
As of early Sunday morning , more than 74 , 000 customers were without power as a result of the storm -- most in North Carolina .                                           
A yellow ' be aware ' warning will remain in place for today for most of northern England and Northern Ireland .                                                     
Williams is confident she ' ll be able to return to the court for America ' s clash with Australia Gold at Perth Arena on Tuesday night .                                         
Leicester reportedly had a bid turned down for Gray in August and he went on to sign a new deal at St Andrew ' s .                                             
The only real use of these forecasts , in my opinion , is to highlight any consensus views - and if there is a consensus , it is bound to be wrong .                               
His mother , father and grandfather had sat through the trial , with his parents seen holding hands as details of their son ' s sex life were described to the jury .                               
The number of those missing is not known , although between 70 and 100 people were thought to be on board .                                                     
Others admitted the strikes were now mostly about pay - rather than patient safety , as their union has repeatedly claimed .                                                     
While maintaining that Assad cannot be part of the long - term future , the U . S . and others have dropped demands for his immediate removal and have agreed that the negotiations should decide his fate .                   
The company has previously defended its record , telling a US Senate inquiry last year that it was " simply the way the global tax system is working " and that the issue was for politicians to fix .                   
Even all the way out to Long Island , from coast to coast , New York is a very settled urban area .                                                   
Even if you take a packed lunch just three times a week , you will save at least £ 60 a month .                                                   
The real one is hidden next to it in a safe with a combination number that is not written down and only Woods and his deputy know .                                         
The San Antonio Spurs keep rolling , and part of their winning ways includes overwhelming the NBA ' s struggling teams and making good use of their quality depth .                                     
That doesn ' t mean the state should make life harder for people who don ' t identify as male or female , though , so it ' s time to stop putting people in boxes .                       
And while our product does look like a game , it is a medical device -- digital medicine in the form of a video game -- that we developed as a medical device from the start .                       
He said : " What the public want are ordinary people to be members of parliament and that is exactly what I am - I am an ordinary guy that happens to do politics .                             
We want to do better this season and we have the quality and the players , so I hope we can do that .                                                 
Williams has yet to lose a set in the tournament , the first time she has done so in the first four rounds of a major since the US Open two years ago .                             
We had what we were looking for on type and he was it , but you have to consider other things .                                                     
Costa has been heavily criticised for his performances and attitude this season , having suffered a crisis of confidence in front of goal under former manager Jose Mourinho .                                       
And in order to win an election , parties and candidates need to bring together a diverse coalition of voters .                                                       
A Texas father has been found not guilty of theft after he took his 12 - year - old daughter ' s phone away as punishment .                                           
But I have done it myself now and I can tell you , you just get caught up in it so quickly .                                                   
One of the reasons we have the free TV licence in the first place is because our state pension remains one the lowest in the developed world .                                         
That does help when you ' re walking out there , especially on a hat - trick ball with the game having changed .                                                 
He met with the emergency crews working around the clock , they expect to be removing snow well into the week .                                                     
And it helps explain why - as often happens on a flight - you end up saying - I ' m going to get something to eat when I land .                                   
They ' re so afraid of what he would do as president that they ' re willing to see her elected president .                                                   
The newspaper said that the pictures were part of a Mexican government intelligence file that it obtained , which would prove the actor was being watched from the moment he landed in the country .                           
No - one has yet named an element after themselves but many elements are named in tribute to important scientists .                                                       
That would include school visits by individuals and groups dedicated to promoting safety and the consequences of violence and material to support primary school teachers work with students to prevent violence .                                 
No deadline was immediately set for a ruling , and Campbell said it will likely be about three months before she makes a decision .                                               
His speech came after China suspended its stock market when shares fell more than seven per cent for the second time last week .                                                 
They were removed from the list in 2003 after the population grew from less than 2 , 000 to more than 5 , 500 .                                               
" All the time I was waiting , I kept hearing about it getting caught ," he says on the one day of the week his job and girlfriend allow him to fish .                             
They have been down because they feel as if the criticism they are getting is way over the top , and I would agree with that .                                           
The New Hampshire debate would occur just days before voters turn out for the first - in - the - nation primary .                                                   
The Norwegian firm announced earlier this month that there was to be a new managing director of its Scottish operation .                                                       
It has to be step - by - step progress - nothing can change overnight and hopefully it ' s going in the right direction .                                             
I would definitely have my time again in Welsh secondary education and one day when I have children , touch wood , I would send them to Welsh schools .                                     
This year marks the missed deadline to provide even the most basic primary education for all children around the world , a promise due to be delivered in 2000 and then moved back to 2015 .                         
" They could ' ve pulled off the door , sold it for $ 10 , 000 ," he told Fairfax Media at the time .                                             
They found that the amount of time that parents spend with each kid is the factor that changed the most following the birth of another kid .                                           
The FA now have six months to find his successor and it ' s anyone ' s guess at this stage which direction they ' ll seek to go in .                                   
His Twitter following has declined to around 55 , 000 from its high of more than 100 , 000 in the days after the raid .                                             
From the outside , the selection of Cook , a 33 - year - old , when the series was already lost , did not look very forward - thinking from South Africa .                             
One of these years they ' ll be right , but the evidence is not overwhelming that it will be this year .                                                   
In a statement , the NSW Liberal Party spokeswoman said : " The donations were declared as part of the NSW Liberal Party ' s overall return .                                           
He warned that many in the community also feared " what could happen with the local young people being affected by the drug ," adding that he did not personally hold those concerns .                             
However the group only managed to crowd - fund 13 per cent of their $ 20 , 000 target needed to develop the product .                                               
It is often not recognised how big a contribution salt makes to the chronic disease burden in Australia and in Victoria .                                                     
A tournament statement said the 58 - year - old was expected to be released from hospital Sunday and has been cleared to return home to the UK .                                       
Meanwhile the violence in Syria goes on ahead of peace talks aimed at finding a solution to the civil war .                                                       
If you ' re a woman on the internet who talks about sport , there is a very good chance you have been threatened with rape or murder or both .                                   
A recent BBC report said that an illegal market in children has developed in the country , and it is estimated that 200 , 000 children are taken from their parents each year .                             
They will also ensure that the girls , who are both four , get the care and support they need and help their parents decide whether to have more children .                                   
The Met Office has issued a yellow ' be aware ' warning for parts of mid , south and west Wales .                                                     
I probably too often used alcohol as a way to deal with that [ pace and intensity of travel and work ] so I think in that sense , that ' s probably part of the reason for the decision .               
I needed to know now like I have done every January and sometimes it takes a couple of months to get done .                                                   
But then I thought the people that really deserve a treat are the people that work hard day in , day out for the business .                                             
" They talked about how it made them feel , and they took so much power from that conversation ," she says .                                                   
It ' s about the players and families who put their trust in people and have been let down ," he said .                                                   
For me , after a difficult few days off the court , everything is now beginning to settle down a bit .                                                     
You won ' t know this but my marriage has , so far , been a struggle and I felt like you " saw " me almost immediately .                                       
There are numerous level crossing removal projects coming up in coming months and years , with most requiring trains to be replaced by buses for extended periods of time .                                     
I got a new job with a new employer , in an area I really wanted to work in , and in a much better location .                                           
It is a democracy in name only , operating on behalf of a tiny elite no matter the electoral outcome .                                                       
That ' s all very harsh , but if the reaction of viewers last night is anything to go by , the public broadcaster hasn ' t exactly learned from the criticism .                               
Bush this week opened up about his daughter ' s struggle with addiction as a way to connect with voters .                                                       
Murray has indicated he will leave Melbourne to return home if his wife Kim goes into labour early with their first baby , who is due in mid - February .                                   
My second thought was ... he was working on the last book , would we ever get to see it ?                                                       
David Cameron was rated by 49 per cent as the best prime minister to Mr Corbyn ' s 23 per cent .                                                     
And then in Ohio , of course , I had to bring about big reform , again , because we were so far in the hole .                                           
He reported the incident to local media after his employers failed to act , saying : ' This is not the first time this has happened .                                             
I feel stronger in the gym and all the contact stuff I ' ve done to date has been pretty good .                                                     
When you look at the goals conceded , it ' s not just our defence that is not good enough .                                                       
We want to try and win every game we play and today was a perfect opportunity to set the game up for a good chase and for the fans that stayed out this afternoon .                           
There were significant numbers of Syrian , Afghan and Iraqi men , carrying official asylum papers , in the crowd that night .                                                   
It is the first episode many Chinese have seen , as the original Star Wars was not released in China at the time .                                                 
It makes me crazy - I literally don ' t want to spend more than four hours in the studio .                                                       
When the lights did go up , many of the complex systems didn ' t work , or caused long delays .                                                     
She no longer lives in fear because , she says , the worst thing that could have happened did happen .                                                       
The index is trading at 17 . 2 times its earnings over the last 12 months , higher than its average of 14 . 5 over the last decade .                                     
" There is nothing wrong with that and do not let anybody tell you that there is anything wrong with that ," he added .                                               
Some of Rubio ' s top supporters acknowledge the Florida senator needs to win the establishment free - for - all here .                                                   
It is the first time in 26 years that consecutive days of Test cricket have been lost in Australia because of rain .                                                   
While all refugees are given a right to stay in Sweden , there are now new rules in place at the country ' s borders .                                             
To be honest it was all like a dream come true and we were over the moon with the whole thing .                                                     
Each of their stories and struggles felt contemporary , we still deal with the same questions today although they had a different historical crisis .                                               
But getting back into the world of dating has helped her re - find her self - confidence , she writes .                                                     
The shake - up comes at a time when alcohol consumption is falling - less than a third of people now drink more than the amount suggested by current guidelines .                                   
" We ' ve looked at their historical distribution over the last 50 years and we ' ve got good evidence that shows they have consistently moved further and further south over the last 50 years ," he said .                 
It isn ' t nice to feel like you ' re not being taken seriously when you ' re trying to do your job .                                               
" I joined up because I thought the campaign was going to be about a positive vision for Britain outside the EU ," he said .                                             
He pointed to the work that the U . S . and its Gulf allies were doing together to bring peace and security to Middle East .                                           
Two months later , a 13 - year - old girl on her way home from school never made it .                                                       
This is an exciting trend for most consumers , because they ' ll be able to stay connected and easily access the music on their phones but do it in a safe , legal way .                         
For significant service to the Parliament and community of Victoria , to local government , and to aged care , education , and land conservation groups .                                           
" She certainly won ' t ever get over the fact that he put her through it within six months of her son dying ," she says .                                         
If you - or your students - have stories to tell and would like to participate , check out this link .                                                     
I think that as the campaign goes on I would imagine she will put out more detailed plans of exactly what she thinks .                                                 
And like she said with the timing of everything that ' s going on , it just really is speaking to a lot of people .                                             
A former Australian professional tennis player will admit he shared inside information in an alleged scheme to fix a match in Queensland , a Sydney court has heard .                                       
Our members have been extremely patient , they have waited for more than three and half years for promised talks on improving work life balance .                                             
It ' s something I ' ll think about later down the line and the whole focus is on the Six Nations .                                                   
I do think it ' s important that from a younger age , players are better educated and are made more aware of what they should do in those situations and how a decision like that can affect your career , can affect the whole sport .   
We try to get information but the fight against terrorists , it ' s not [ on ] the local level .                                                     
Trump said he is planning to spend at least $ 2 million a week on advertising , spending $ 1 . 1 million on TV ads in Iowa and nearly $ 1 million in New Hampshire .                       
Here ' s a sentence you might not have read before - five women candidates are standing to be included in the race to become the next Mayor of London .                                   
" There will be people coming in because of the injuries that the club have at the moment ," he revealed .                                                     
' We ' re talking about a potential 12 - hour time window between her being last seen alive and being found dead ,' he said .                                           
It ' s hard to get someone to pull the trigger on something they probably don ' t need ; that ' s an art .                                             
' Before I left for my trip , I had planned to visit various different areas , but I didn ' t manage to reach them all .                                         
The four had applied for the British government to take charge of their asylum claims that would allow them to live in the country .                                               
" We are now missing five full - backs and I have to solve that problem every week , but still we could have won ," he said .                                       
The groups demanded that Britain should take its share of refugees , including from those already within the EU and establish safe and legal routes to the UK .                                       
" Mike opened the doors for those other people , if not him , to get some type of justice ," he says .                                                 
He also soon hopes to visit his family , who has has not seen in more than 20 years , back home in Nigeria .                                               
She sat down next to me and I asked her if she wanted to go out dancing that night , and she had some other people she was going off with .                                 
" People are mainly upset because they like to think they ' re in control of their technology ," he says .                                                     
He believed , at least my theory is , that using a different name and a different phone number was good enough .                                                   
The grandmother of a young British boy thought to feature in the latest Islamic State video says it is " really devastating " he has been taken away from her .                                   
By that time the game was close and we ' d lost a sub and their sub came on and had a fantastic impact on the game and by that stage it was too late .                         
She ' d be a great addition obviously , but we ' ve made steps forward where we ' ve put ourselves in a position to win big games .                                     
This schedule went on for about eight months , with the last two leading up to competition being the most intense .                                                     
In 2014 he was paid nearly half a million dollars , which is in line with similar - sized charities .                                                       
We see how hard it is , in emotional terms , to challenge institutions that the reporters themselves may hold in high regard .                                                 
You don ' t expect to end up in a situation like this and if you do you should get justice .                                                     
He rejected allegations that Moscow had offered Syrian President Bashar Assad a chance to step down and could offer him a political asylum .                                                 
I ' ve said , I ' m sorry you ' ve decided to use my father ' s death as a way of trying to attack me .                                       
I did tell people later but they didn ' t really think it was that interesting - I was surprised at that to be honest ," he said .                                       
That is the risk you take , it was a poor game and we didn ' t create so much and neither did our opponents .                                             
Almost 6 in 10 say these measures will not be effective in reducing the number of gun - related deaths in the United States .                                               
There are encouraging signs that the regional government are going to come with plans in this regard , they certainly need to do so .                                               
White said that no arrest have been made , but a person of interest in connection with the incident is being questioned .                                                   
But a 2011 decision to speed things up means it will go up to 65 in November 2018 and 66 by October 2020 .                                                 
My agent said I probably couldn ' t sell a book of short stories and that I needed to make one long story .                                                 
The 34 - year - old Williams hadn ' t lost a set in the first six rounds here until dropping the first on Saturday night against No .                                       
The survey ' s overall wage and salary index rose sharply from October to its highest level in more than a decade .                                                   
Having been involved with children for many years , as a teacher , social worker and parent ( including single parent ), I see several issues here .                                         
He said : ' But with the criminal case long gone , there remain a growing number of questions and concerns regarding the incident and the lack of any effective subsequent investigation .                                 
H is priority is that the new centre is up and running while veterans like him are around to see it .                                                     
My life was Luke and me and I worked hard to build relations with people in this area which you can more easily do when you are a parent .                                     
" It would be everything for what we ' re trying to achieve as a football club ," he said .                                                       
I kept getting games , kept working on the areas I needed to improve and finally started to come around a little bit and feel more comfortable and more at home .                                 
" I thought I never would be that mom who would cut off all my hair after having a baby but I did and I love it !" she continues .                                   
Then , as now , the opposition has insisted that Assad must leave office as part of any transition process in Syria .                                                   
Donald Trump has a three - point lead over Ted Cruz , but that ' s within the poll ' s margin of error .                                               
He also said he bought an open ticket to return to Phoenix in Arizona and was prepared to leave the UK if his application was denied .                                           
But then you do pay attention to the kind of player you are playing and if there ' s anything specific you ' d like to bring to that match .                                   
Instead , it was an 18 - year - old who wanted to celebrate his birthday ... and invited around 200 people to the party .                                             
It ' s great competition , and I enjoy the challenge of trying to be the guy who wins at the end of the week .                                             
" I don ' t think in the contemporary era that it ' s going to change all that much ," he said .                                                 
" Right now , people on the no - fly list could walk into a store and buy a gun ," he said in December .                                             
You cannot predict what impact that will have , only that it will raise the confidence and lower the pressure on Manchester United .                                                 
That , however , does not indicate that the information in them was classified at the time Clinton sent or received them .                                                   
A Washington state man accused of terrorism for allegedly killing a New Jersey college student last year over the United States ' policy in the Middle East is set to make a court appearance .                           
There have been an extraordinary 300 , 000 extra jobs added over the past year and the unemployment rate is at 5 . 8 per cent .                                           
Trump has dominated the Republican field for months , drawing on voter anger and the media access he gets from his celebrity .                                                   
I decided that this should be a fresh start , and put all the past stress and weight gain behind me .                                                     
You ' ve worked all year to see the best out of them , and then something happens that is out of everyone ' s control and there ' s nothing you can do .                           
" You really don ' t want to think about it ; you want to block it out of your mind ," she told CNN .                                             
" I can ' t answer for what happened in that hospital room because I can ' t get my mind around it ," she said through tears Friday .                                     
But despite a relative fall from last year , the market share of independent UK films in 2015 was 11 per cent , the third highest in 15 years .                                     
He dismissed claims that developers were guilty of " land banking " - or holding land in order for its value to increase .                                                   
The White House wouldn ' t comment directly on the exact timing or content of Obama ' s executive orders .                                                       
If there ' s someone in your team that you find very influential and they aren ' t there it can have an impact .                                               
Seattle ' s 10 - 9 comeback win at Minnesota was the most - watched early Sunday NFL wild - card game on record .                                               
" But the ad market has gone from traditional media to digital and now a lot is moving to mobile ," he says .                                                 
And it ' s a real big week and a half for that baby that ' s in during that time the baby ' s grown as looked healthy .                                     
But more recently , it has claimed that its market has settled , and large hospital groups have been signing up to its management software .                                             
My concern is the fact that they have probably gotten out of the immediate circle near the jail and probably outside of the Los Angeles area .                                           
The plans , which will go before the Council on 17 February , are designed to address long held concerns about the Council and FA committee .                                           
The Republican and Democratic left - field candidates attract thousands to their rallies , crowds most of their rivals could only dream of .                                                 
It is the third ( or fourth , depending on how you view it ) high - profile death to hit the rock world in the last few weeks .                                     
The switch to a river water source was a money - saving move when the city was under state financial management .                                                     
When asked whether all - out attack may be the best policy against the world number one , Murray pointed out several challenges of facing his regular opponent .                                       
At first , I didn ' t know if I wanted to continue with the house - it had been our creative baby .                                                 
They are also holding out for having a half - an - hour paid break every four hours : the NHS employers are determined to reduce that paid break to a half - an - hour every six hours .                 
In order to avoid domestic passengers to get mixed up in a pass - Control they will remain on one side of the fence and passengers travelling from Denmark will end up on the other side .                       
On Tuesday it was revealed Brazil has sent more than 200 , 000 troops to go ' house to house ' in the battle against Zika .                                           
In fact , the committee understands that our military made two requests last year to combat this emerging ISIS threat , the first dating back to February 2015 .                                       
U . S . officials have been on high security alert following a series of Islamic State - linked attacks at home and abroad over the last few months .                                     
In this case , we ' re looking for technology to do the same kind of thing , to show that the evidence at the original trial really did not mean what the state was arguing that it meant and what the jury believed that it meant . 
I said surely bonds would form in that case because you have someone really vulnerable and someone really in control ... the story started there .                                             
We ' ll keep them informed throughout the entire process , that ' s a strong commitment from our side .                                                       
I think he should ' ve had 3 - 20 ... but that ' s what happens in this game .                                                       
There is a lot of waiting around but it ' s not so much that as the fact that you ' re almost never alone on tour , that ' s the thing that can drive me crazy .                   
" We have not seen the report , nor do we expect to , as that would be a matter between the league office and team owners ," it said in a statement .                             
We like Bernie and he ' s having a conversation we think is important so it ' s not an easy thing to do .                                               
" We ' re really , really concerned about what ' s happening in England , both from their point of view and also because we feel that we ' re going to be next ," he said .                   
We want to create a system in which all doctors meet the same standard , regardless of where they qualified .                                                       
The motion , launched on Wednesday , has so far been backed by one other MP , Neil Gray of the Scottish National Party .                                               
It really got me down so once I made up my mind to lose weight , I knew I ' d succeed .                                                   
I don ' t know where the last half - century disappeared to , but I ' m still in love .                                                     
The Met Police spoke to Mr Simpson - Kent on 16 December , but that was the last time he was seen .                                                   
MPs are to debate calls for the US presidential candidate Donald Trump to be banned from the UK following his controversial comments about Muslims , after more than half a million people signed a petition .                         
' We expect the NHS organisations involved to continue to work with the family to make sure the tragic events leading up to William ' s death are not repeated .                                   
" There have been some improvements , but they have had many other things going on as well ," he said .                                                     
After people lose about 10 pounds , she said that ' s a good benchmark place to begin to add exercise .                                                     
A national funeral is the closest a non - politician can get to a state funeral in Canada and is in - part paid for by the government .                                       
Some development opponents are not happy about this hotel , but this discovery might not have been found without the hotel ' s construction .                                               
' I got so big that exercise became very difficult , so I did little or no exercise in recent years ,' he said .                                               
This is about changing society - it ' s not about saying this is the law , therefore this is what we must do .                                               
Last week , Sir Philip told MPs he had two homes , including one in the Caribbean where his wife is from , adding that he kept in " regular contact " and worked from there .                       
" This one - day side is tough to pick , and that ' s the way you want it ," Taylor said .                                                 
December 19 : Mr Simpson - Kent was described as a ' high - risk missing person ' to the public by police .                                                 
But if you ' re not going to have a player 12 months down the line you need to start replacing him to have a stronger team .                                         
A sight of a Union Jack flying in Brussels might be a less regular event if the British Prime Minister ' s EU reform drive doesn ' t go his way .                                 
I was aggressive , had some variety in there and I ' m very happy I was able to play like that .                                                   
He was jailed for five years and nine months for the sex abuse , meaning that he is due to serve just under three years for the crimes .                                       
I have tried to track him down to let him know how things are going for me , but have never been able to .                                               
To get a chance to do it with your family , your kids and everybody , it would definitely be something special .                                                   
Sanders is drawing some of the largest crowds of the presidential election cycle , including a crowd of 20 , 000 in Minnesota this week .                                             
He took us into a small command center where half a dozen officers keep watch over hundreds of CCTV cameras across town .                                                   
The mayor ' s disaster appeal has so far raised more than $ 1 . 5 million , including a $ 1 million pledge from the state government .                                       
My immediate thoughts were to get through those two games before thinking too much about joining the Australian squad , although I ' m excited to be joining the boys .                                   
She says German women should cover up , keep men at arm ' s length and think about wearing something over our heads .                                                 
However , they cited previous research that found that the amount of plate waste has not changed since meal changes were introduced .                                                   
Well over two inches of rain fell Wednesday on some mountain areas , including 3 . 5 inches in Angeles National Forest in Southern California .                                             
According to Hollywood Reporter , the 51 - strong Academy board was due to discuss diversity at its regular meeting on Tuesday .                                                   
China landed a civilian plane on one of its controversial man - made islands in the South China Sea over the weekend , a U . S . defense official told Fox News .                             
The closer retirement age is , the more attractive super contributions are , but even then a key factor is the potential investment returns available .                                             
When stuff hits the fan , the last thing you want to do is completely lose it , because then you are not thinking straight .                                             
They recommended permission be granted with conditions by the planning committee , with a formal decision due to be made at a meeting on Monday afternoon .                                           
It ' s a bit hard for me in the conditions and be patient , it ' s changed me for the summer I ' ve been here .                                       
Turkey has been hit by a number of attacks during the past year , the worst of which have been claimed by ISIS .                                                 
Back then she was an attacking midfielder or forward , a position she occupied during the early part of her senior career .                                                   
He says he kept a low profile on New Year ' s Day and didn ' t hear about the photograph until it had gone viral on Saturday .                                       
In other words , England are unlikely to be throwing the ball around until they have established the necessary platform .                                                       
Republicans have more seats to defend , 24 to the Democrats ' 10 , and many of those GOP seats are in states President Barack Obama won , including Illinois , Wisconsin , Pennsylvania and Ohio .                       
Mr Turnbull came face - to - face with the Queen for the first time since he was elected head of state in November of last year .                                         
Dr Graham ' s daughter , who has a disability , was confirmed a place at a Sydney private school but three months before she was due to start , was asked whether she still had learning difficulties and asked to sit a test .       
We now need to study the report and look at what we ' re doing well and should continue to do , and where we can improve .                                         
I have asked myself how I can live with what I have done , taking my son to Syria ," she said .                                                   
My father has been in hospital seven times over the past 12 months , and on three of those occasions the NHS and my colleagues saved his life .                                       
The markets believe there may be a hard landing or a very significant reduction in growth which will have a big impact on the rest of the world .                                       
" We have a huge following on Facebook - we were bringing people into their stores ," Ms Ireland said .                                                       
I watched almost all of his games last season , and when we train together with the national team , I try to take as much as possible from him .                                   
Michael Martin , project director for the construction joint venture , said : " I believe we can get traffic over the bridge by the end of the year .                                       
This was one of " a number of opportunities to treat the infection " which ultimately caused William ' s death .                                                     
China ' s CCTV showed dramatic footage of one of the men appearing on the surface and then being taken to hospital .                                                   
There are people in our country ' s history who don ' t look left or right - they just look straight ahead .                                                 
The company has hired a U . S .- based law firm to conduct an internal investigation into the scheme .                                                       
I decided to do it the morning after my son - in - law told me to get help on the phone .                                                   
The inquest into his death heard that he had no contact with the authorities in the seven years before he died .                                                     
A crisis there would be serious for the rest of the world , particularly countries and firms that export to China .                                                     
She said : ' My first competition took place in July 2015 , this was an open cup of Moscow where I took second place .                                               
The group ' s shares have shed more than 80 per cent of their value since August on the back of two profit warnings and weak sales in October and November .                                 
" There are only three of us here from my country , so everyone will know who I am , if I even tell you the country ," he said , explaining why he would not provide his full name .               
I thank all the staff for all the work that you do but you shouldn ' t have to work in conditions like that .                                               
Some of [ my players ] were trying to get his shirt [ when they were ] getting off the pitch and [ even then ] they weren ' t quick enough !                               
" That ' s what this is all about - each of us doing our part to make sure all our young people can compete in a high - tech , global economy ," the president said .                     
" The days and weeks are going to be difficult as we come to terms with the impact of what has happened in our community ," he said .                                       
As Real Madrid ' s new manager he is no longer forced to lead by example like the German chancellor .                                                       
The Information Commissioner ' s Office is an independent body that was set up to look after the information of the public .                                                   
I just don ' t think we ' re in good enough shape right now to play in the style that we want to play .                                             
We found this very strange , as there was no way he could have seen or heard anything like this .                                                       
North Korea conducted a nuclear test earlier this week , tension is growing between Saudi Arabia and Iran , and Britain has threatened to leave the European Union .                                       
The White House said its experts were most concerned about its potential impact on women who are pregnant or could become pregnant .                                                   
I don ' t think that ' s a good title to be running for president of the United States .                                                       
We are appealing for any members of the community who have seen anything or who have any information about this incident or who know the man ' s identity to get in touch with police as soon as possible .                 
" No fault divorce didn ' t exist and at that time you had to show cause for divorce ," Mr Martin said .                                                 
But there were other reasons as well : the trust my companies had placed in me and , obviously , a reasonable degree of commercial success .                                           
It says : ' Over recent years , e - cigarettes have become a very popular stop smoking aid in the UK .                                                     
We ' re seeing renewable energy picking up and taking larger share of total power use in China , and then it ' s actually already eating up the market space of coal .                             
It was one of those projects that you start at a certain level , and it keeps getting bigger , but it was such a good thing , and she was so impressive , you can ' t stop , you ' ve got to finish it . 
As soon as the BBC back in the UK said they were going to run a documentary on corruption in tennis , everybody has been asking me , and all the other players , what we think about it and what we know .         
After her opening - round win on Monday she ' d offered that the Perth pull - out would never have happened if it wasn ' t necessary .                                       
In those days , it wasn ' t a case of being able to get on the next flight - there wasn ' t one every few hours .                                       
Flint , Michigan , is under a state of emergency while officials try to rid the city ' s water system of lead .                                                 
I don ' t regard a Conservative government as an organised conspiracy against the poor , let alone the majority .                                                       
It limited my growth and today , as a 43 - year - old adult , I can pass for a teen .                                                   
The economy has been hit hard by the extraordinary collapse in oil prices , which have fallen by 70 % in the past 15 months .                                             
While encouraging people to drink fewer sweet drinks should still happen , " the advertising power of industry " made this difficult , the report said .                                             
We still would urge all players to check their tickets and contact us if they think they have the winning one .                                                     
That set me thinking as to what I ' ve been entitled to over the years and what I ' m entitled to now compared to Laura .                                         
It ' s nice to have that added confidence now , really having the belief and knowing that , come Sunday when I ' m in the mix , I know I can go get it done .                     
At least five arrests have been made in connection with the three inmates who escaped Southern California jail , authorities said Wednesday .                                                   
The mother - of - three later said she was receiving negative attention on public transport and asked the council to provide her with a £ 6 , 000 - a - year taxi to take her children to school .               
What he will talk about , though , is the thing he has talked about for just about as long as he can remember : the weather .                                         
It gave us time to reflect on it , what do we really want - rather than what is everyone else doing .                                                   
To imagine Evans as part of this scene as well as our present lives , and asking questions of both ... well , this is moving , too .                                       
It is true that if you look at the number of games he has played in recent years it is not many .                                                   
The judge ' s finding came in a family court case , in which the standard of proof is lower than in a criminal court .                                             
The Lakers ( 8 - 28 ) fell hard to the Golden State Warriors ( 33 - 2 ) on Tuesday night .                                                   
That ' s definitely changing , although it should be said that it could still happen a bit more quickly .                                                       
Simon said the match finally changed when he was serving at 1 - 2 and 40 - 15 in the deciding set .                                                   
A family car can get expensive , so you want to make sure you are not spending more than you have to on fuel .                                               
They very well know what to say and when to say it , so you have to be smart enough to tackle that and still focus on your game .                                     
" It ' s important to tell somewhere where you ' re planning to go and when you expect to be back so they can raise the alarm if you don ' t return ," he said .                     
Paul is in no doubt about the value that this financial assistance service offers : " It ' s definitely a help - one million per cent .                                           
For example , the Italian economy managed , after the initial impact of the great recession of 2008 - 10 , to contract further in 2011 and 2012 when even the British economy was beginning to recover .                     
She told friends she would take her own life unless she was moved , and although she was seen as an ' at risk ' in mate by staff , she was not moved .                           
It ' s about a couple and their relationship together told in one minute through the perspective of their shoes .                                                       
That ' s a trend for the Panthers , who had leads of 17 , 23 , 28 and 31 points in other games this season , and saw each of them finish as one - score games .                   
There are processes through policies and other things that are there that can be dealt with could be dealt with if that ' s deemed appropriate .                                           
He agreed with his ex - wife that he would see only pictures and letters from their boy until his drinking was under control .                                               
" It ' s good [ being on the board ] because I know what is going on ," he added .                                                     
In an attempt to try and move forward with her life , she signed up to university course but quickly had to drop out due to the amount of time spent in and out of hospital .                       
" I have no reason to believe that we will not be able to sell it this season ," she said .                                                     
' It ' s not a rich school ; many families in the area are struggling on a day - to - day basis .                                               
Under former leader Jim Murphy Scottish Labour lost all but one of its Westminster seats to the Scottish National Party .                                                       
We are happy and very pleased because in the end it ' s important for us to stay alive in the competition .                                                   
David Cameron said the in - out vote " would follow " if agreement with EU leaders was reached on his reforms .                                                   
I think everything changed and we need to change ... I cannot accept to live with fear and not to change everything in my life .                                             
My thoughts this morning are with the men , their families and friends whose worst fears will this morning have been realised by the judgment .                                             
" We ' re absolutely convinced it did not happen ," a spokesperson for McDonald ' s told the Independent .                                                       
He said : ' I remember the lady who claims she bought the ticket coming into buy the ticket either on the Friday before the draw or on the day of the draw .                               
' As well as making us happy now , our career is also a way to ensure our plan for the future is on track - which is why it ' s good to see so many people view their pension as an important benefit at work . 
" I need a new challenge and would like to take the opportunity to be a coach in England ," he added .                                                   
David Cameron will visit Aberdeen later to set out what more can be done to help the oil and gas industry .                                                     
You just look at what he ' s done since he ' s come in here , the success that this organization has had with him as a player an now as a general manager .                         
The link between alcohol and diseases like cancer mean there is no safe limit to alcohol consumption , according to tough new guidelines from the UK ' s chief medical officer .                                 
The Times said it picked Clinton over her top rival , Vermont Sen . Bernie Sanders , due to her experience and policy ideas .                                               
" We put a lot of requests to the government and the rebels that were rejected and we did not know why ," she said .                                             
They were told their only option was private treatment at a cost of £ 6 , 000 per cycle , with about a one in three chance of success .                                     
If you increase your number of steps by 500 for every week of the diet , you should be close to 10 , 000 after eight weeks .                                         
A spokesman said : " Our staff in India and the UK have been in close contact with all six men since their arrest to provide support to them and their families , including attending court .                         
" We trained together only one time but we understood each other very well in the first few minutes ," he said .                                                   
And , I ' m afraid , in my view , the movies this year with black actors and black film - makers aren ' t of that high quality .                                   
She said it was extremely important people were patient with the return process , with huge safety risks still present in the communities .                                                 
I think before speaking so highly , maybe it ' s good to take it to the next level , whatever that is .                                                 
Clinton is more popular with voters 45 to 64 years old , by a margin of 53 to 39 percent , and by 71 to 21 percent among voters over 65 years old .                             
There are a number of guys in this squad who will all have important leadership roles to play so we can take this team forward .                                             
A lot of times , you look at models and their careers , their second careers , are usually fashion industry or restaurants so why flowers for you ?                                       
' She ' d been with me for years and it wasn ' t like her to stay away from home for even a night , but she never came back .                                 
And they strengthen some of the world ' s worst actors , at the expense of hard - working Americans ," she said .                                                 
She final managed to escape in 1989 , but did not tell anyone about what she had been through until she spoke to the police in 2013 .                                         
People ' s musical memories would have changed in a way that they were more able to recognise what he was doing ; to feel familiar with it and to appreciate it .                               
Police said she had been out in the city centre with friends and was walking home when a man approached her in Queen Street .                                               
Gold prices rose 0 . 77 % to $ 1 , 100 , trading at that level for the first time in two months , and up for the fifth - straight session .                             
I ' m sure that other people might have done it and may not want to say it in front of 25 million people .                                               
The 36 - year - old was the first openly gay female active duty service member in the U . S . military and the first openly gay Air Force officer to die in combat .                         
As host , though , Rock may have the right - even the responsibility - to ask whether there ' s any point to the Academy Awards in the first place .                                 
" I talk to my team about that , but I ' ve also come to understand that if I become too focused on that , then I ' m missing the point ," he says .                       
" It ' s been a great experience from the coaching side of it ," he said during a brief interview .                                                     
It was even more wonderful to see the Japanese language live blog of the same event hit almost half a million .                                                     
Some of the charges , such as ones filed against gang members in New York , have failed to survive the courts .                                                   
We give praise to God because we all believe in him and he ' s the one that keeps us going .                                                     
Even if their individual minds preserve some private history , it is difficult to see how they could have a collective one without being able to tell it to each other and to their young .                         
So hospital managers looking for a bed aren ' t going to pick the likes of my mum , or you , or me .                                               
" We have a coach that ' s confident in us and it ' s going to pay off for the future ," he said .                                             
And the 30 or so people who had been taking care of us that day just disappeared , without any need for thanks .                                                 
Labour ' s former shadow culture secretary has claimed he " paid a price for speaking out " after being removed from his position by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn .                                     
If there ' s not a route for someone to get in the team , it may be better for them to move elsewhere .                                               
To stay in a good position against City they need all the points and they cannot decide where they get them .                                                     
In 2016 , you ' ll become more aware of how to achieve a lot with less effort than you expected .                                                     
Gary was one I thought would go into a role around a first team set - up when he finished playing .                                                     
He didn ' t even hear it ring as he sat in a meeting with some of his St . Louis business partners , going over some legal documents for his restaurant there .                             
" He ' s always looking to take whatever position it takes to win votes or raise money , and we ' re not going to beat Hillary Clinton with someone that will say or do anything to get elected ," Rubio said .         
The Morning News , citing one of the documents , reported that injured players in particular were targets of coaches " comments .                                                   
They do not get the option of 25 meetings with 17 ministers to decide what their rate of tax is .                                                       
I find it hard to recall any incident in my life that was more significant and more filled with joy than that moment in the theatre .                                           
Police have been concerned with drug drivers over the holiday period with almost every fourth drug driving test coming back positive on day six of the Christmas holiday period .                                     
' I ' ve had lots of positive remarks from parents at the school and in the community ,' she said .                                                     
I wish I could have one more chance to play another match here this week , but I don ' t , so of course I ' m disappointed maybe for parts of my fans and also for myself .                 
Canada has been hit by low global oil prices , with the Canadian dollar falling to a 12 - year - low against the US dollar .                                           
The guys gave everything on the pitch and we will learn from our mistakes - one in the first half and another in the second half .                                           
Of course there will come a point where that happens in Britain , a decision made by our independent central bank .                                                     
If we leave , we will have to implement EU environment law without a seat at the table and a vote in decisions .                                                 
It doesn ' t matter how you meet someone -- on set , in a coffee shop , at school or in the business .                                               
The Greater Western Sydney Giants play four games in Canberra each year , with the majority of those near the start of the AFL season .                                             
The egg industry is paying universities where these people are , then putting them on the committee to decide whether eggs are safe or not .                                             
Trump leads national Republican polls by a wide margin but is tied with Cruz in Iowa polls less than two weeks before the state ' s Feb .                                         
At that time , a judge will consider whether to reduce the bond amount , which was set at $ 1 million .                                                   
For her , the shame [ would be ] worse than the abuse ; it ' s better to put up with it than [ let people know ] she has a failed son .                           
Not necessarily because they deserve to move up again , but in honor of Chris Paul ' s small jump .                                                       
According to the New York Times , he added : ' I ' m in this really lucky position , where I get to wake up every day and help serve more than a billion people .                         
But the race in Iowa is likely to be close -- recent polls have shown Trump neck - and - neck with his closest rival , Texas Sen . Ted Cruz .                                 
People can ' t get products and services from other markets , and domestic economies become isolated from the growth potential associated with the rest of the global digital economy .                                   
" If it was the case where you could get rid of a lot of players , I ' m sure clubs would do that ," Terry said .                                       
When you switch from app to another , there ' s now a small bit of text in the upper right - hand corner that will take you back to your previous app .                             
" We ' ll get families who are looking , for example , for a computer fair , come in by mistake and then spend a couple of hours looking around and buying games ," he said .                     
It has taken me nearly five years to find a medication that works for me and in that time I have lost two jobs due to absence from anxiety and stress , as well as side - effects from the medication .             
People don ' t like the red door , it makes us a target , we live here like animals behind that door .                                                 
Since the end of the global financial crisis in 2009 , the share going to the top 1 per cent has risen from 44 per cent to 50 per cent .                                   
Mr Mitchell is representing some of the 15 people who were injured and earlier this month he said the total compensation figure is likely to run into millions of pounds .                                   
Yet for most people the online forms should take no more than a couple of hours - and you even have the luxury of taking your time as you don ' t have to complete it all in one go .               
30 , 1992 , and she later told a friend that someone was spending the night in her living room , according to witnesses .                                               
She dropped out of college and took out loans to attend his teacher training , hoping to open her own studio and introduce others to the benefits she was experiencing .                                   
The suspect in the shooting , a 17 - year - old who cannot be named under Canadian law , was charged this week with four counts of first - degree murder and seven counts of attempted murder .                   
Chinese regulators stepped in Tuesday before the market open , and in a statement said it could extend that selling ban for investors holding 5 % or more in a listed company .                               
" It ' s like a little baby river rock ," Dr Lee says , showing it to the woman .                                                       
Speaking of hospitals , all seems to have gone well on Anna ' s visit to London , but I am still worried .                                                 
If you are English ( it is the same if you are Scottish or Northern Irish but the numbers of those are very small ) you still pay up to £ 9 , 000 a year to study at a university in Wales .         
This means more children will be taught by teachers who are not specialist in the subjects they teach , it adds .                                                     
Four points here with what ' s happening around us , it keeps that gap with the other teams and puts pressure on them .                                               
U . S . Secretary of State John Kerry met with Gulf Arab officials on Saturday to ease their concerns about warming U . S .- Iranian ties and seek consensus on which Syrian opposition groups should be represented at upcoming peace talks .         
But you have to work so hard here to get the ball [ that ] at times you don ' t keep is as much as you would like .                                     
I am playing at a different club and in a different football culture , but the whole set - up has been similar and the style of play has been great .                                 
The UK ' s biggest drugs company should be split up , says one of Britain ' s most successful and influential investors .                                                 
To come back and work on getting back in the winner ' s circle after a successful season and keep moving forward is pretty cool .                                             
The UK has taken 1 , 000 refugees so far as part of a 20 , 000 five - year target .                                                     
It was important that it had a category for south Asian dance , so that people could get to see it .                                                     
Evans : Not at the time but it was based in response to what the audience wanted with that show that they did it every year after that .                                       
Police said tonight that they are now ' concerned ' for his welfare , as well as that of Ms Blake and her children .                                               
It was just the latest share price fall in what has been a sharp decline for the stock since its 52 - week price high of $ 1 . 86 in July 2015 .                             
It is a chance for everybody involved here to achieve something that hasn ' t been achieved for many years .                                                       
If you ' re a modern consumer in the U . S . these days , chances are you experience digital eye strain fairly regularly .                                             
These developments will make an enormous difference in local communities , not just from the jobs that the construction will bring , but in the health and education benefits they will provide to local people .                         
The sector shed 8 , 000 jobs in December , though that was an improvement over the 11 , 000 positions lost the previous month .                                             
There was only one road and a lot of smoke but I made it to the highway ," Ms Ryan said .                                                     
So I submitted another application asking for any analysis prepared in 2011 , 2012 or 2013 supporting the 60 per cent claim .                                                   
But when her name was called out as the NSW Australian of the Year in November , it was a total surprise to the former sex discrimination commissioner .                                       
" I was going to count to 10 , but only got to about four because she was going that good ," Clark said .                                               
This year , people will feel they can share with you what is in their heart or on their mind , and that you will understand .                                           
But their rise means people carry less change than in the past - leading to concerns that good causes would suffer .                                                     
" This new direct link between New Zealand and Asia will be great for Canberra businesses - opening up two of the closest international markets to the Canberra region ," he said .                               
Every couple of generations someone comes along like him , and I wish everyone in the industry got a chance to work with him .                                               
The Polish foreign ministry has criticised German politicians for what it calls " anti - Polish " comments but has given no details of which ones .                                           
" I thought he was going to kill me because I had seen his face and could tell on him and he was an officer and had to know he wasn ' t supposed to do this ," she said .               
As part of the act , public services , such as schools , and local authorities are required to do their bit in helping people who are vulnerable to being drawn into terrorism .                             
He scored 25 points and made nine of 18 shots , including five of 11 from three - point range .                                                       
They ' ve missed the point : I ' m not a model , so what does it matter if my nose isn ' t straight ?                                           
" This will be a symbol of hope for all the refugees in our world , and will make the world better aware of the magnitude of this crisis ," he said .                               
The once troubled Roberts , 22 , is at his fourth NRL club after signing a two - year Broncos deal .                                                     
The recent drop in oil prices was here to stay " for a couple of years ," with a possible low point in the first quarter of 2016 , he predicted .                                 
It may also harm potential co - operation in military action against ISIS , and upcoming peace talks on the Syrian conflict .                                                   
Yes , you can still make a difference in the world , and we ' re proud that you ' ll pursue your dreams here .                                             
If you have not joined in so far this week , you are welcome to do so today , but you will start on - 6 .                                           
The company got this money back after the bank in question was found to be at fault by the French courts .                                                     
" Marco Rubio is a conservative leader who understands the challenges facing American families in the 21st century ," the Utah Republican said in a statement .                                           
May also went on to say that she would call in the Russian ambassador to give him a good talking to ; a conversation the Russian ambassador is unlikely to lose any sleep over .                           
I think there ' s also something that happens to you when you land only an hour and a half after you take off from Miami , Florida .                                       
November 17 - The U . S . and North Korea hold the first round of high - level talks in Pyongyang over North Korea ' s suspected construction of an underground nuclear facility .                           
As an England defender he will be pretty disappointed to have been part of a defence that conceded a goal against a struggling championship side .                                             
I believe in opening doors . and I ' m willing to work with both sides so that we all get what we want .                                               
When the man ran off , the officer joined the chase , but returned to discover his own bag had been taken .                                                   
Of course what you want to be doing as a business is focusing on building amazing products and hiring people and helping the UK make the most of the internet opportunity and that is what we want to spend our time doing .           
Metropolitan networks ' combined revenues for the six months were flat at $ 1 . 55 billion , versus a fall of 3 per cent the previous year .                                       
" I mean , that was so hard to not be in any of that , to enjoy that ," said Harris , who was hurt in the playoffs that year .                                 
This was one of the early stages of what would have been a long , hard journey to Turkey and from Turkey , across the border to their destination , Syria .                                 
I haven ' t had a drink since the night after Jack was born three and a half years ago .                                                       
I think this year we wanted to sort of take the game and really thought our guys had a vision of what they wanted and everybody paid the price for what they had to do in preparation .                     
High - resolution satellite images revealed " only a small amount of the earthquake reached the surface ," he said in a press statement .                                               
Several of the 2016 presidential candidates have had drug problems hit close to home , and we look at each of their positions on dealing with addiction .                                         
It is clear that new groups of people are ending up on our capital ' s streets who have very different stories and reasons for being there , with migration being a significant driver in these most recent figures .                 
Image copyright AFP Image caption After a decade without a studio album he released The Next Day in 2013 , surprising fans who thought he had retired .                                         
These girls in racing , if they ' re looking at me , thinking , I want to do that ... Well go and do it then .                                         
A lot of people don ' t realise - and then one week their favourite venue will be a flat .                                                       
Let ' s not go back to the days when working women had to somehow make their family lives work around their jobs .                                                 
So , I am going to miss you , until we are together again in February , have a happy Christmas .                                                     
I might be driving somewhere on holidays and I ' ll get an email from work and feel I have to address it .                                                 
" We ' re lucky we ' re not standing here today talking about a death ," he told reporters in Canberra .                                                   
Then you ' re trying to cut down on the length of the rallies , go for a winner or go for a drop shot .                                             
Iran is a huge market for French car manufacturers , which are eager to do business in the country again .                                                       
Park behind a solid structure to block heat and only get out of the car once the fire has passed .                                                       
Every kid has a bike - that ' s how I started and one kid coming along and giving it a go could make that journey to the Olympics .                                     
The two were convicted three years ago and served time , but a judge ruled the terms were too short .                                                       
Sometimes they are in opposition to one another , but really , in every one of these units , there ' s no question in their minds that their sons or daughters are doing the right thing .                     
He told the Guardian recently that he now feels he is being treated as a second - class citizen in the country he calls home .                                             
Once we got to the door the rule was we ' d let the game go and didn ' t discuss it from that point on , and it seemed to work well .                             
At least now , there will be money to help us talk about how we want to live until we die .                                                     
He may have one , but there ' s something on that , maybe religion , maybe it says he is a Muslim ," Trump told Fox News in 2011 .                                   
Both Scottish Labour and the UK Labour party will be campaigning and putting lots of resources behind staying within the European Union because we know it is in Scotland ' s interests to do so .                         
We ' re going to show that we ' ve got some confidence , we ' re going to be innovative , we ' re going to stand up and not be pushed around .                           
The plans include turning a piece of waste ground below the author ' s home into a dedicated parking area for hotel guests .                                                 
It may sound good to you , the more responsible you can be , and healthy , is an all over win - own as far as I ' m concerned , right .                             
However , an Associated Press reporter who reached the site just after the announcement saw no visible damage at the building .                                                     
If I was still there going , " Well , here are my thoughts on this film ," I ' d be there every day .                                               
So he wrote to her father , asking if he could come home to his wife if she hadn ' t married again .                                                 
" It felt pretty good to knock some shots in , to see the ball go in for me ," Green said .                                                   
It ' s probably not fast enough , but it feels like a good time to be a woman at the bar .                                                   
I ' m doing it because it challenges myself to be a better pilot , to have something else to look forward to , something fun .                                           
Well , boss , if you ' ve taken any offence , I ' m sure I ' m sorry , but can ' t you take a joke ?                                     
The crimes he has committed and the pain and suffering he has put on other families - we understand what they have gone through .                                               
A treatment for Alzheimer ' s disease is a step closer after scientists begin testing a potential vaccine on humans .                                                       
That ' s no longer a concern , and working on herself has taught her how to avoid carrying stress and problems from the real world onto the track .                                     
30 per cent of people deal with anxiety by talking to a friend or relative , or by going for a walk .                                                   
We see it as working with them to give them greater access to the online market , so it is a win win for everyone .                                             
Trump ' s support has risen by six points since early January , and 71 percent of his supporters say their minds are made up .                                             
" Chris Christie has done a number of things that are very similar to the Obama agenda ," Rubio said on Fox Business Network on Thursday .                                           
" So in that sense they ' re almost never going to be happy with how they ' re represented because they ' re not representing themselves ," he says .                                   
Ford was the best - selling individual brand for the sixth straight year , with sales of just over 2 . 5 million .                                                 
Given it was not a vital operation , that the hospital was on strike , they were missing doctors and this woman was looking after eight patients , in two different rooms , someone should have called me to say they were going to delay the operation . 
Let me tell you what we have done - we have changed the tax laws so many times that we raised an extra £ 100 billion from business in the last parliament .                               
" It ' s because house prices have gone up so much since we bought it , and of course we don ' t expect anyone to feel sorry for us because of that ," says Catherine .                     
" The idea has been around for years , but we ' re more optimistic now that it is going to happen ," he said .                                             
One person stopped me and then when I got back to the hotel room I saw pictures of me on Instagram shopping .                                                   
A judge has given doctors permission to perform an abortion on a woman who suffered brain damage as a result of being attacked .                                                 
He collected together around 15 friends and the staff were forced to shut themselves in while they broke windows and did what they liked .                                               
Ferguson had been in charge so long , so successfully , that it was always going to be tough to get the right successor .                                               
These ancient humans lived across much of Europe and Asia for almost 200 , 000 years before modern humans arrived between 60 , 000 and 40 , 000 years ago .                                   
She spent four days fighting for her life hospital but died on Monday - taking the death toll from the attack to 30 .                                                 
However , as a recent appointment to the England role , ex - Australia and Japan coach Eddie Jones would seem an unlikely choice .                                               
There were " several dozen " emails in question , according to Fox News , beyond the two previously reported emails containing top secret information .                                             
He told BBC News that it was probably the " least bad " option in terms of of a policy approach for food security and environmental protection - if it was possible to deliver .                           
I will tackle rising domestic violence and sexual attacks on public transport by ensuring specialist support services are fully funded and the police better trained .                                             
However well we do it these days , it ' s almost like walking through it compared to that night , because it meant so much more .                                         
It lost funding of $ 700 , 000 over three years in cuts announced by Arts NSW announced in October , as well as funds from the Australia Council .                                     
May 24 - A spokesperson for South Korea ' s Defense Ministry says that based on analysis of commercial satellite images at North Korea ' s nuclear test site , North Korea appears ready to carry out a nuclear test at any time .         
It ' s estimated that 1 in 400 people in the UK is affected by the condition , with the symptoms normally becoming apparent during the first three years after birth .                                 
I need to play the right tennis , as I ' ve been playing over the past month , and really take it to him .                                             
It ' s a trillion to one shot to enjoy that very moment while sitting in a theater with a former president of the United States .                                           
But Obama revealed it was the very citizens he serves that he was most grateful for , and the fact that he was their president .                                             
Following the leak , Smith released a statement describing the version of the report as " out of date " and said significant changes had been made to the final report , due to be released in six weeks " time .             
But you must explain to your brother that your brother - in - law is only trying to make him feel exactly as he feels himself when a suggestion he makes is rejected .                             
There are times when he can ' t help himself , though , and his May 2014 arrest for riding his bike the wrong way was one of them .                                     
Sir Stuart was named as the first commander of the UK joint forces command in 2011 , and was appointed to the armed forces ' second most senior role in 2013 .                                 
" I don ' t know what ' s going to happen to the economy of this area ," Ms Cameron said .                                                   
December 19 : Simpson - Kent was described as a ' high - risk missing person ' to the public by police .                                                   
More than a few people at this club got quite emotional when they saw these poor people turning up to help us .                                                   
' It ' s more being about prepared for stuff and not going in to it with no preparation ,' he said .                                                   
What ' s new is that stories are made up by the media and you can write everything without taking responsibility for what you are writing .                                           
The evidence shows that if you want to invest ten billion reducing inequality , the university system is about the worst place you can possibly put it .                                         
It ' s bad news for China , but good news for California and other markets where Chinese investment usually goes .                                                     
" The government is clear that we must protect the UK and her interests from Russia - based threats , working closely with our allies in the EU and NATO ," said British Home Secretary Theresa May .                     
But what is changing is outside the US , in international markets , we will be paying now in respect of our sales , not just our profits .                                       
I mean I could not imagine I just really started thinking about my daughter and couldn ' t imagine her being on the highway like that you know driving her big wheel ,' Collins said .                         
That night , Sarah made the most important resolution of her life - and hasn ' t looked back since .                                                       
The council agreed it would meet this month to consider allowing some camps to remain until later in the summer .                                                       
Both campaigns announced Saturday that they had agreed to four more debates on top of the original six organized by the Democratic National Committee .                                               
" We ' re still working with the club and are hopeful they will meet the February 29 deadline ," an NRL spokesman said on Wednesday .                                           
So with ( three ) I can ' t even imagine all the hard work that goes into him getting back on the field .                                               
The tools have been used to trail suspects to specific rooms in apartment blocks and to find them on moving buses on busy city streets .                                             
For years , he worked seven days a week , 12 hours a day , running constantly between his computer and the factory ' s assembly lines .                                         
We need to continue to do this and society needs to recognise their positive influence on children in order to try to prevent more children losing their free will to terrorists .                                 
In a speech on the BBC ' s future in September , Director - General Tony Hall expressed the desire for a " news - streaming " service aimed at mobile phone users .                             
There were visa issues and we weren ' t ready to get married , so I went to New York to visit him and try and figure out what we were going to do .                           
One player expected to leave City , David Williams , will be in their match day squad despite being linked with a move to Adelaide and now Newcastle .                                       
As they grow older without you being around , I ' ll make sure to pass on what I ' ve learned from you .                                               
We won ' t ever know what the success is , because it doesn ' t have a specific end of the kind we are used to .                                         
On the other , the city ' s unemployment rate is more than 10 %, compared with just 6 % for the rest of Germany .                                             
He adds : " You can play what feels like a great game , but your score might not be impressive .                                                       
" Foreign fighters who have returned to Australia are considered by law enforcement and security agencies on a case - by - case basis ," she said .                                         
It is so lovely of you to take an interest in my appearance , but the truth is that anyone who has made clothes for me is now dead or at least out of the workplace .                       
So that ' s what I ' m trying to do now : make a new family with the association .                                                       
They ' re the ones that bring you back to reality , they ' re the ones who kick you out of the house and say it ' s time to earn a living .                           
I would also make the argument , I don ' t think it ' s a problem of who you ' re picking as much as it is : How many options are available to minorities in film , particularly in quality films ?         
If the father didn ' t take a month off work , then the couple as a whole would lose a month ' s paid leave .                                           
NHS staff care for the health of our country and that ' s why we must all be ready to stand up for them .                                               
' This is certainly true up to a certain age , but get past that and your heart can only keep going for so long ,' he said .                                       
In some countries there ' s [ also ] a lot of rhetoric like this to demonstrate to the public they have got a handle on things .                                         
Trump holds a wide lead in national polls of Republicans , but in Iowa , he is locked in a tight and hard - fought battle against Ted Cruz for first place .                               
You have argued that you can ' t take more action because you need to deal with Russia on the issue of Syria .                                                 
Sir David explains : " We don ' t know [ why they grew so big ], it ' s entirely speculation .                                                     
" The family would like to make a point to the British Army that no - one is above the law ," he said .                                               
The delay will not affect the TV show because Martin has already written hundreds of pages and the sixth season has already been filmed , the paper adds .                                       
We ' re going to work with the media in a more friendly way so that they can understand the true nature of Dr . Ben Carson .                                         
The mass migration Europe witnessed in 2015 is likely to continue , while countries still struggle to cope with those who have already arrived .                                               
The police think him still a boy , ask him where he ' s headed ; he asks what the problem is .                                                   
Art is about quality of life and you can ' t say one piece of art on a housing estate is too much ... it is probably not enough .                                     
So , you know what , on a 9 - year - old team , on an 11 - year - old team , 12 - year - old team , every kid should play every game .                     
All eyes will now be on the UK ' s GDP reading next week to see how much poor retail sales figures have affected the bigger picture .                                         
It might be genetic , or it could be caused by the mother ' s exposure to something during pregnancy .                                                       
" That would be a tragedy at a human level and the knock - on impact on other services such as health and social care would be substantial ," it said .                                 
More than 33 , 000 were drug - tested on Queensland roads in 2015 , up from 21 , 000 in 2014 , because the number of police officers who can run drug - testing jumped from 50 to 300 .               
Many investors have lost the stomach for the market after a wild ride since last summer , when shares crashed 40 per cent .                                                 
He explained that he had to defend himself while " getting hit from 15 different sides " by the other candidates .                                                     
Cruz did become a Canadian citizen at birth due to that ' s country legal system , which the senator didn ' t realize until 2013 .                                           
They will never be perfect , but on the evidence which matters they are getting a lot more right than wrong .                                                     
German police have also now received a number of reports from women who say they were sexually assaulted by ' foreign looking ' men in the capital , Berlin .                                     
This was the first debate where the Republican candidates had a chance to speak without Donald Trump standing among them on the stage .                                                 
She also won the World Cup series for a second year in a row ( winning three races ) and the British road title .                                               
I met children as young as five who had been sexually assaulted by their own parents - paid to do so by sex offenders in Europe .                                           
Is he going to maintain and progress and look after himself and train hard and rest , or is he going to go the other way ?                                           
Sun told CNN he hoped that this court case would open public debate about gay people and their interests and welfare in China .                                                 
State your first love ' s name and type what you would say if you sent them a text message ,' she prompted .                                                 
My advice would be to have two goals : a long - term goal - something you wish to achieve across the next eight to 12 months , for example .                                   
He said : ' I ' ve waited so long for this that I don ' t want to waste any more time .                                                   
Professor Davis said in the next decade he expected technology development across a range of industries to become new economic drivers .                                                     
Putin - who launched a bombing campaign in the war - torn country on September 30 - appeared to defend Assad , although he acknowledged the Syrian president had made ' many mistakes ' since the conflict broke out in 2011 .             
The letter itself was intended to explain the situation and trial a policy that has been successfully adopted by other schools .                                                     
In Italy where screening is now done on young athletes , the death rate has reduced in that group by 90 per cent .                                                 
One of the most powerful ways of doing that in my opinion is to tell and bring to life the stories of everyday Australian men and women who served and have served our country , so the Last Post ceremony is obviously one of those .     
While mass shootings often grab the headlines , the reality is that guns are also used by thousands of individuals to end their own lives , often with little or no media attention .                             
Over the year there was an increase in consumer confidence with spending up 1 . 4 %, while business investment grew 2 % year - on - year .                                       
" You want to have fun and play well , but you want to make sure you ' re still healthy when you leave ," he said .                                         
The company has expanded its business into the building sector and has also developed its activity in Germany , Sweden and India .                                                   
When 15 - 24 - year - olds made up more than 35 % of the adult population - as is common in developing countries - the risk of conflict was 150 % higher than with a rich - country age profile .           
Why is domestic violence the leading cause of death for women under the age of 45 in Australia , one woman killed on average every week ?                                           
She even had dinner at one boy ' s home because his family believed she was his friend from school .                                                       
I know the NBA is probably going to do something anyway , so we won ' t have to do anything else .                                                   
Two refugees from Iraq with alleged ties to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) are due in court Friday to face federal charges of supporting terrorism .                                   
At the same time , EU state aid rules make sure that the cost of such support for consumers is limited and does not give certain operators an unfair advantage over competitors .                               
I have a 16 - months - old baby at home needs to be fed , and I understand the situation happening here , but I feel I did nothing wrong .                                 
The US Federal Reserve ' s rate - setting committee starts a two - day policy meeting on Tuesday and is not expected to make any change .                                         
But I don ' t ... There are a lot of people who are locked [ to be nominated ] and , you know , if I listed all of them , some would make the list .                     
We all stuck with each other at the start of the season - we didn ' t have a training venue at the start of the season - and we ' ve come a long way in such a short period of time .         
With a big wave , you would usually try to get as far out as possible into the open sea .                                                       
How did we get to the place where people think requiring a comprehensive background check means taking away people ' s guns ?                                                   
One time I noticed the man I was stood behind was getting increasingly stressed out about how close I was standing to his bag .                                               
But the New Hampshire debate next Thursday would give Clinton and Sanders a high - profile encounter before the nation ' s first presidential primary .                                             
Among 15 to 16 - year - olds , less than a quarter would typically watch television as it is broadcast , rather than on a catch - up or on - demand service or through YouTube .                     
Rather than just encouraging people to spend more , which could leave them short if they live longer than expected , the government should be doing more to encourage them to purchase retirement income protection , she said .                   
This time , it ' s about rival Ted Cruz , who was born in Canada to an American mom .                                                       
I would be dealing with sexual abuse cases in my room and sometimes there wouldn ' t be a lawyer .                                                       
What ' s more likely is I just want to make sure that people are not dying by taking bad drugs .                                                     
He cited that as a reason not to answer questions from the media in detail on subjects like military strategy .                                                       
Like most people , I am on Facebook for two reasons : cat videos and watching people I went to school with get married before me .                                           
We would hope that given how serious this is , women would just say I am not going to risk it and they wouldn ' t go .                                         
Up to 7 , 000 children are born a year in Britain with a genetic condition that can ' t be diagnosed .                                                   
" It ' s one tennis match , it doesn ' t matter what ' s happened in the past really ," added Murray , who has lost 21 of the pair ' s 30 meetings .                       
Sometimes that happens and we kind of ground out eight under on the weekend in what really could have been something special but it also could have been worse .                                     
The mother , Maria Cruz , said the family was nice to his son and he liked being at the house .                                                     
He and his team knew at one point that a particular boat headed their way was in trouble in Turkish waters , and the team prepared to receive it .                                     
That may especially be the case when it comes to tax increases , which require a two - thirds vote in each house .                                                 
The authors concluded that there would be no need for restrictions on EU students or tourists , and that " self - sufficient " migrants would also be free to live in Britain .                             
So 6 . 5 % growth still would be strong , especially considering that China ' s economy is much larger than it was several years ago .                                         
She said her sister had been " a lot more quiet " over the past year and had asked to move back home .                                                 
A referendum on UK membership of the EU must be held by the end of 2017 , though it could be as early as June this year .                                         
He said : ' For some periods we were complete allies working together - I wrote the original software on Apple 2 .                                                     
While the average time for online consumption is three hours per day , among 15 to 16 - year - olds it rises to five hours .                                           
Also , the Dutch cheese sector is not that big ... if you tried to sell it , it will be spotted immediately ," he told AFP .                                         
They ' re always around , and yet for a lot of people the only time they see them is in a Michael Bay movie .                                             
But investors have also noticed that the growth in banks " profits comes more from falling costs than from rising revenue .                                                     
That maybe it is time that we love , respect and acknowledge ourselves in the way we are asking others to do , then that that is the place of true power .                               
I do think as a nation we do need to step back and think about how we deal with our former prime ministers .                                                 
I ' m just looking forward to what the future holds and hopefully I can achieve things with the team going forward .                                                   
There were so many loud sounds ... I was afraid , but I couldn ' t do anything about it .                                                       
I have this feeling that somehow , not much , but somehow , after telling the story , a lot of help arrived to the place .                                           
She said : " This is a major investment for the north west and will be very welcome news to the local construction industry .                                                 
If someone can just wake up in the morning and say , ' I ' m going to work ,' and then this tragedy happens .                                               
Bryant had a chance to keep the Lakers in the game late , but he missed with 3 . 2 seconds left with the Lakers down two .                                         
A car , or a similar possession is just a thing , it can be replaced but not so a family pet .                                                   
If we do not get the right opportunities to develop our rugby , it ' s difficult to move up a level .                                                   
MPs on all sides will meet in Westminster the following Monday , 99 days from today , to discuss the results .                                                     
My experiences have taught me that if you deeply believe in what you are doing , success can come at any age .                                                   
It takes several hours , but I end up with four enormous bin bags filled with clothes I once couldn ' t imagine getting rid of .                                           
And that ' s why over the weekend I declared a federal emergency in Flint to send more resources on top of what we ' ve already put on the ground .                                 
A good generation and a half older than the great mass of the fans , he could still do it .                                                       
Watson ' s intelligence is a way for these companies to learn more about their customers such as what they share on social media sites .                                             
" That ' s what we ' re built for , that ' s what we ' re trained for and that ' s what we ' ve got the resources for ," she said .                         
If we are to see a genuine end to our housing crisis we have to be given the powers to get on with it .                                               
" We have to keep in mind that he ' s innocent of this charge until proven guilty ," Collins said .                                                     
It is always great to get home and sleep in your own bed , but sometimes it is nice to get home to see your family and friends .                                       
That was seized on far away in America , where Donald Trump blamed migrants for the outrage , before any statement from German police .                                               
If , as one would expect , things continue on this path , we can expect African governments to either cut public spending or increase taxes , or both .                                     
Authorities say the events of that night led to more than six hundred complaints , ranging from theft to sexual assault .                                                     
Only one person is known to have been in the building when the fire was called in around 3 : 24 a . m .                                               
That ' s likely a stretch , but the 38 - year - old has been playing some of the best football of his career .                                             
He is out of contract at the end of the season and is said to be on the radar for a number of big clubs , Chelsea among them .                                     
At least 31 , 000 had arrived in the EU by sea so far this year despite the winter weather , the UN refugee agency said .                                           
It was the worst thing a parent could ever have to do and to see your child get slowly worse in front of you .                                               
A man who was jailed for 15 years for the attempted murder of a baby girl has had his sentence cut to 10 years .                                               
Now everyone will have an opinion because there is more interest in you , so keep the inner circle as the inner circle .                                                 
Women will say , " My husband ' s against this " or " My boyfriend says I don ' t need this ," which is easy for the man to say because they don ' t have the problem .                 
The 28 - year - old had won the first set and was leading the second set 1 - 0 at the time of the suspension .                                           
A survey of more than 4 , 000 members of the public indicated that 68 % would still visit someone with dementia who no longer recognised them .                                         
Whether it is health , guns or a Donald Trump rally , the US can be really very different from the UK .                                                   
She lives near him in Austin , Texas , and they have children of the same age ; their kids go trick or treating together .                                             
The first step was make the weekend and now it ' s sort of a free hit out there ," he said .                                                   
The dancing grabbed the now 34 - year - old Swiss tennis master ' s attention in his third trip to the Brisbane International .                                               
It ' s great to get three points and we go into two important away games on the back of a win .                                                   
But the last few hours of the parliament ' s five - year term felt like the last day of school , he says .                                               
' She is a lovely little cat , and I ' m sure there is someone out there who would want to have her ,' Greg said .                                         
It was in keeping with the nature of Rangers ' performance that their goal came from a moment of luck .                                                       
" There are a lot of moving parts and no guarantee that all the costs will fall out and the profits come through ," she said .                                           
" In this event we ' re very lucky that the situation did not end up in a very much worse scenario ," the police official said .                                         
" Boeing can ' t kill it right away , even if that makes economic sense , because they need to build the last few planes for the US Air Force presidential replacement aircraft program in a year or two ," he added .         
By doing so , they wanted to put the ball in our court , then hold their hands up and end relations .                                                   
In fact , he sees the Federal Reserve raising interest rates as a result of the economy ' s continued growth .                                                     
After it was recovered , Bailey tweeted his thanks to the police and people of Liverpool and promised to be back in May .                                                 
" We ' re actually told that we have more cameras than they do ," he said of the debate .                                                       
" So far as I can see , the explanation given is not enough because at the end any explanation must make sense and this doesn ' t make sense ," she said .                             
The inquest heard he had a history of self - harm but had not expressed an interest in substance abuse or taking his own life .                                             
" I would like to think that anyone would want to see a play about their own lives ," said the writer .                                                   
John , who runs his own truck repair company , only bought his ticket one hour before the draw and it has turned out to be an impressive last - minute gift for the family .                         
If policy could cause this to happen -- a tax on saving perhaps -- it would work , but in this case investment would fall even further .                                         
Now I ' m at the level [ in the ] last few months [ of ] being in the top 20 and playing these players that have been consistently in the top 10 , five in the world .                 
The new elements were discovered by team from Japan , Russia and the USA , who will all get to name their own new elements .                                             
European markets also rose on hopes that the European Central Bank will do more to help the region ' s economy .                                                     
It leaves them level with second - placed Manchester City on points - but behind the 2013 - 14 champions on goal difference and two points above fourth - placed north London rivals Tottenham .                           
And 40 per cent did not realise eating a poor diet raises the chances , while 43 per cent had no idea drinking alcohol does , too .                                         
She briefly stopped to tell the other driver that her girlfriend was a police officer and would sort it , before driving away .                                                 
They may have some information claiming to show that it does , but I ' ve not seen this ," he said .                                                   
The report comes amid discussions among UN security council members for fresh sanctions against the North after it conducted its fourth nuclear test on 6 January .                                           
When officers responded , they were met by a woman " who appeared to have minor injuries sustained as a result of a battery ," according to a press release .                                   
When she served at 30 - 0 and 2 - 1 in the second set she seemed to have everything in control , but Davis broke back and forced a tie - break , which she won 7 - 5 .               
I have a shirt signed by him seven years ago ... it ' s the only T - shirt of a tennis player I have .                                             
Now the players will have three days off so they can clear their minds and then they will come back and we start to work hard again .                                         
Democrats promise to continue pushing gun control reform , and could try to force votes on expanding background checks and preventing people on the terror watch list from buying guns .                                   
We call for all men to stand up and hold those who commit acts of violence against women and children to account .                                                   
She ' s one of the , if not the , most consistent player on the tour - and that ' s no secret .                                               
He sets about tracking down her doctor to do the same , only to find his feelings of love for her returning .                                                   
Ryan conceded that the bill wouldn ' t move beyond Congress , but argued the vote was part of an effort this year to show a contrast with Democrats .                                     
" A lot of police have kids and it ' s going to affect a lot of my people as well ," he said .                                               
While the property market winds down over summer , there ' s plenty to do in the lead - up to the busy autumn season .                                             
The British National Party risks being unable to stand for election - because it failed to pay its annual £ 25 registration fee .                                                 
After all , there are more than 6 , 000 families each year in the UK for whom there are no answers to the question why , no way back for the victim or for them .                       
The New York businessman , who leads the Republican race , said in a statement that he was " proud " to receive her backing .                                             
It ' s worth it to get an extra $ 5 , 000 or $ 10 , 000 in your salary package after you negotiate .                                             
Yet Gray was not the party ' s first choice to take on Paul , who has been out of the state for months campaigning for president in Iowa and the early primary states of New Hampshire and South Carolina .               
For decades he ' s been such a huge part of the BBC on television and radio and leaves so many wonderful memories .                                                 
She could be seen saying " That ' s my coach ," before both players left the court when their match was suspended .                                                 
Police Scotland will be ready to begin a process of changing its system for handling calls from June this year .                                                       
She won the Brisbane International leading into the first major of the season , and dropped only five games in her first three rounds at Melbourne Park .                                         
Following days of criticism , the Academy last night pledged to double the number of women and minorities in its 6 , 000 - strong membership by 2020 - and said it would immediately make its leadership more diverse .                 
My guess is this won ' t be such a bad year for us , and next year will be quite good .                                                   
Last night Mr Jones , who resigned as a Labour defence spokesman yesterday , said she should hand back the money .                                                     
Police said hundreds of people came forward after watching the CCTV and the man and woman were arrested as a direct result .                                                   
More than 60 of Australian soccer ' s top female players will gather in Melbourne on Sunday for the first mass union meeting of W - League players .                                       
The Health Ministry recently urged all women in the country to avoid getting pregnant while the virus is spreading , saying that could extend until July .                                           
Mr Osborne ' s remarks about manufacturing back in 2011 have also drawn some criticism from a very different perspective , from people with a very free market perspective .                                     
Any less than this would indicate that his concern is , like much of the federal government ' s environmental policy , hot air .                                               
In real terms , government spending has grown at an annual average rate of around 3 . 5 per cent since 2007 compared with around 3 per cent during the 1980s and 1990s .                             
By letting the kids use the phones this way I have a lot less trouble getting the students to put the phones away when I ask them to .                                       
" We ' ve got to go over there [ to New Zealand ] and play with the same intent ," Warner said .                                                 
" I think Bernie came in with the luxury of being a complete long shot and just letting loose ," Obama said .                                                   
If one if used to watch content that is available on the American Netflix , for instance , the services will simply sit in the middle and take content from the US Netflix and pass it on .                     
NBA player Jason Collins played only a handful of games and his career ended not long after he came out as gay .                                                   
Last week he was making headlines urging Britain and the U . S . not to close their doors to Syrian refugees .                                                   
It is the quality of support that families receive that plays a part in how they will learn to live with their loss , she adds .                                           
So if you are your new year ' s resolution was to watch television , we have a great way to break it .                                                 
In my experience , although I have won a lot of stuff , those times are so few and far between .                                                     
But the guys who have got the first crack in this 17 - man squad at the moment have earned their right to be here and have first chance .                                     
Even though we still want to explore the world for as long as possible , we need to change our travelling style to restore the healthy relationship we had .                                     
I probably should just go out there and try to enjoy myself , have fun , not take it so seriously .                                                     
Rather , they might be leaders among different groups of students , such as the head of the theater club or the leader of the band .                                           
U . S . lawmakers are considering reducing life sentences for three drug - related crimes under the federal three - strikes law .                                                 
" I think it ' s extremely unlikely - and that isn ' t to comment on anybody else ," he said .                                                   
But I did feel sorry for the man because you can just see the pain that he ' s been dealing with ," Ferguson said of Trump ' s statement .                                   
Just six per cent of the public think the Government ' s disability benefit reforms will make Britain a better place for disabled people , a new poll suggests .                                     
The world No . 2 reportedly said when the screen re - played match highlights it put him off his game .                                                     
Trump never actually lived there and his agent said he rejected an offer to rent the place for $ 80 , 000 a month .                                               
The Syrian crisis does not look likely to be settled with peace talks that were due to have started on Monday but are struggling to get off the ground .                                     
Any one of these options could potentially be a devastating blow for middle - class workers who are struggling to save .                                                     
I have missed the cut here the last two years so it was nice to get a good round in early .                                                     
It wasn ' t his best night tonight , but I felt like I had to chase down a lot of balls and moved pretty well .                                           
The US secretary of state , John Kerry , has met Gulf state ministers to ease their concerns about warming US relations with Iran and seek agreement on which Syrian opposition groups should be represented at upcoming peace talks .                 
And the surprise when it comes and some of those younger characters realize they ' ve had an older friend for some time is going to be eye - opening for them too .                             
My favorite , though , from the past few years , you all remember this one , it was actually controversial and who knows why ?                                             
It ' s hard to know exactly what people may expect of a sport ' s governing body in such situations .                                                     
However , the cuts the forces have faced in previous years have put a serious strain on resources , meaning there are fewer officers available to respond to incidents .                                     
You would think then that health and care organisations would be eager to hear from anyone who wanted to report a concern or complaint .                                               
That will include everything from sophisticated in - car entertainment systems to technology that allows cars to drive themselves around .                                                       
A court , board , commission or other government authority may request a doctor ' s professional opinion in a case it is considering .                                               
In our case I think he saw someone coming out the kitchen and jumped up to see if there was anything for him .                                                 
Officials said Obama will take centre stage in a signing ceremony for the Paris global warming agreement at the United Nations in April .                                                 
We are all really shocked that something like this could happen , especially at an event like New Year ' s Eve .                                                   
The government has asked the former deputy governor of the Bank of England to lead a review of the country ' s economic statistics , and he reports back in March .                                 
There ' s not much we can say and discuss about it , but you know and I know that we assess the first half [ of the season ] and what do we need in the second half ?                 
We ' ll be a work in progress but clearly our aim will be to beat Scotland and to win the Six Nations .                                                 
Women ' s football is clearly on the march , as , in the last 12 months , have been so many women ' s sports .                                           
Like the rest of Europe , Sweden has been struggling with the continent ' s biggest migration crisis since World War II .                                                   
" It has life and death implications , and ( people ) should treat it that way ," she said .                                                       
It was , I thought , quite funny , because I knew what I said and I knew what I didn ' t know then when I said it .                                     
A Welsh government spokesman said : " Since the idea of holding an EU referendum this year was first suggested we have consistently called for it to be held on a different date from that for the assembly elections .                   
I voted for him last time because he is a successful businessman and he needed to be given a go in case he could have done something good .                                       
I like kind of pushing the limits , having fun and enjoying myself and that ' s what we ' re doing .                                                   
China ' s shift to a more conventional economic model has certainly challenged its policy - makers and financial regulators .                                                       
For many in Iowa City , issues like economic inequality and student debt feel most urgent , not fears of terrorist attack .                                                   
Now , he is campaigning to raise awareness to men ' s suicide and wants to encourage men who are struggling to cope to ask for help .                                         
His comments came after figures showed China ' s economy grew by 6 . 9 per cent in 2015 - its worst performance for a quarter of a century .                                     
I feel like the shape ' s good and I have a good team around me to hopefully go for it .                                                     
The purpose of the loan was to build a new stand , hotel and conference centre , none of which has been completed .                                                 
I almost feel guilty that I am talking about how much they have given us as it sounds like I am only interested in what we get from the children .                                   
It ' s OK because I know , and you know , that you haven ' t given up on finding someone ever .                                                 
" It will tell us whether people trust and accept these vehicles and how they would work as part of the urban landscape ," he said .                                           
There is a huge weight for me , even if it is for the continent of Africa to succeed ; to succeed for my organization , and to succeed for the NBA .                               
Mr Corbyn says English regions should have similar powers to the Scottish Parliament , which is set to be given full control over income tax rates by David Cameron next year .                                 
In other words , we are still making less than we did before the recession or at the time of Mr Osborne ' s speech .                                             
Whether or not current or future investigations here result in charges , legal experts said they could play a crucial role in the Pennsylvania prosecution .                                             
She ' s had a relatively nice little draw for herself so take the opportunity , she might never get such a good opportunity again .                                             
The vehicles were used by British troops during conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan because of their ability to overcome large areas of sand .                                                 
When Jack got close to winning , he would win -- he started putting it together under pressure , and that ' s what counts .                                             
In June 2014 George Osborne announced that Britain was launching the first Islamic bond scheme in the non - Muslim world .                                                     
Another saying , I wouldn ' t go anywhere near the facility for medical care if she continues to work there .                                                     
The Warriors ( 35 - 2 ) broke loose for 36 points in the third quarter and built a 12 - point lead .                                                 
Most families wait one to six months , often with an early assessment then a long gap before seeing a professional .                                                     
This is a political problem - ministers have to make it easier [ for prisoners ] to earn their release .                                                       
However a leaked documents revealed to ministers showed how government cuts could leave almost twice as many households at ' significant risk ' of flooding within 20 years .                                       
The victim ' s dad read an impact statement on behalf of his daughter talking of the effect on her - and also told the judge how badly his little son had been affected .                           
Those who aren ' t fans don ' t believe that this man can be all business , all the time - and they might even be nervous if a guy came to dinner so dressed up .                     
While one degree might not mean very much to you basically on a daily cycle , it really gets noticed by the planet and the systems on the planet .                                     
A 16 - year - old boy from one of the cars allegedly approached the officers , produced a knife and demanded cash .                                                 
But despite his lack of travel documents and links to numerous known extremists , within 24 hours he travelled by bus to Paris , and then on to Syria with his pregnant wife and four children .                       
When you ' re young , you ' re disappointed if you play well and get dropped , but you can ' t let your head drop .                                         
The new administration is going to take up the challenge and the fight with no regard to the cost ," he said .                                                   
A Canberra woman who fell ill on the cruise , and who does not want to be named in case it affects any claim from the cruise operator , said it looked to her as though it was not the ship ' s first outbreak .     
' My life has changed for the better and I love that I don ' t feel like I ' m on a diet .                                               
Mr Corbyn told the Yorkshire Post : ' My great failing in life is to listen to everybody at whatever greater length they wish to speak to me .                                         
There would be a lot of pressure because I would want to prove myself after last time and show what I can do .                                                 
He was also denied other rights that other prisoners enjoyed such as watching TV , listening to the radio and reading newspapers .                                                   
He has a history in that and I ' m not his dad , I can ' t demand things from him , but I ' m expecting that , to be fair .                             
I think it would make it a lot harder for members of the public to find out information that they want .                                                     
Still , members agreed to " rapidly examine " the proposals with the goal of reaching an agreement by mid - 2016 .                                                   
My birthday falls between Christmas and New Year so we would all get together for a triple celebration - but that year , it was one to forget .                                       
The report said the three other men frequent the area where the shooting took place and that officers should be careful there .                                                   
There are 700 , 000 more eligible voters in this election than the last one , and most of them are young , first - time voters .                                         
To what level I don ' t know because I ' m not right in that situation looking at all the information and what it ' s possible to do .                                   
Five chances should have been taken , another three were on any professional ' s radar , another two might have stuck on a good day .                                           
I think my dad more because I didn ' t see him as often as I could have done as I live in Switzerland .                                               
The office says emergency personnel and employees who work from home or other remote sites should follow their agency ' s policy .                                                   
Only one in 1 , 000 of the little ones are estimated to survive long enough to return and lay their own eggs .                                                 
Speaking about the cancer risks , she said : ' There is no doubt that the more we drink , the bigger our risks .                                                 
At a morning rally here , Trump again raised questions about whether the Texas senator is eligible to become president because he was born in Canada .                                           
The report also looked at cancer death rates by state and found that while it ' s the second leading cause of death nationwide behind heart disease , in 21 states , cancer is the number one killer .                   
Arsenal ' s late victory over Newcastle United earlier in the day meant that City were six points off the top before kick - off .                                             
I argued with him that many parents wouldn ' t stand for that , but a search online reveals that some schools have exactly this policy .                                           
It would be great to beat them , but at the end of the day I don ' t care who we play , I just want to go out and win this tournament .                           
That trend is going to continue as hospitals , insurance providers and other medical services struggle to get a handle on digital security .                                                 
The government did see it - as far back as 2009 , when new HIV infections showed their first jump .                                                       
' There was one day I remember when I was sitting in school and it got so bad that the rest of the class were asked to leave the room ,' he said .                             
Still , given the uncertainty surrounding their future they have done well to stay so focused and competitive through the first half of the season .                                             
It feels like I don ' t have to be so aggressive - I don ' t feel like I have to force so much , I can sit back a bit .                               
I don ' t want to get into the exact numbers , but it ' s about half of that .                                                       
David Cameron says he is " hopeful " of reaching a deal with European leaders in February that will allow him to hold the UK ' s EU referendum .                                     
Clinton , the front - runner for the Democratic presidential nomination , has insisted she never sent or received information on her personal email account that was classified at the time .                                 
When we talk to her , she insists she has been on a trip to the Gulf region and is just on her way home .                                             
" He didn ' t just battle cancer if that ' s not enough - he had six heart attacks in recent years ," she told BBC News .                                       
Perhaps it ' s just the area , with the airport nearby , they like wide open spaces ," she said .                                                     
One was born in the final minute of New Year ' s Eve , and the other was born in the first few minutes of New Year ' s Day .                                   
Nick Robinson , then political editor of the BBC , was the first journalist to ask a question to Mr Cameron that day in 2013 .                                             
Both players are represented by the same manager , who isn ' t expected back from an overseas holiday until the end of the week .                                             
If we are going to base future policy on the study we need to be sure of this in our own minds .                                                   
This time of year , when it starts to rain a lot , I don ' t think it ' s as bad now but in those first couple of years after , I think you could feel in the community people were actually quite nervous .   
I can see everyone in him - me , my wife , my parents - yet he ' s already separate from all of us .                                             
Also if your real estate agent doesn ' t know his or her real estate editor at the local community newspaper , ask them why not .                                           
" No matter how wealthy people are , they don ' t want to spend an extra £ 43 , 000 ," he said .                                               
To know that his actions reached that far ... it brought me a sense of peace , that someone would even know my son by his name and that the President would call out his name in a press conference , it is just truly an honour . 
We ' ll bring you coverage of this , as well as round up the latest health news from the other papers .                                                   
She said : ' I ' m very disappointed in this system and I don ' t feel that justice has been served .                                                   
Then run your kitchen tap on cold -- again , never warm or hot -- for an additional two minutes .                                                       
" Their weapons are pointed away from us , and that means that they ' re the good guys and they ' re protecting us ," Robinson said .                                       
" It may not be a doctor who goes to your church , but it ' s the one who has the most experience with that particular illness ," he said .                                 
' I just burst into to tears that she had come through and nothing major had gone wrong ,' she said .                                                     
While we have requested a month ' s extension to complete the entire review , we did not need the extension for these documents .                                               
They ' ve made it harder for the government ' s public health experts to conduct research on gun violence .                                                       
Carson ' s advisers believe a heavy campaign schedule in Iowa and face - to - face contact with voters could help repair some of the damage and win over new supporters .                               
This is our commitment to work with the State Government and the developers to ensure the people that buy into that community can have a great lifestyle .                                         
What they don ' t seem to appreciate is that it ' s hands - on business and you need the hands on .                                                 
Meanwhile in New York 6 , 000 police officers will join an estimated one million people who will turn out to celebrate New Year ' s Eve in Times Square .                                   
Kim is seeking to rally pride in an explosion viewed with outrage by much of the world and to boost his domestic political goals .                                               
When I was young and having what I thought was a serious relationship talk with my first real significant other , I told her that I just wanted to find the right person .                             
Five suspects , three men and two women , were arrested in the raid in which they also found illegal drugs .                                                     
It ' s one of the cities that I love and I would come back to each and every year they would like to have me back .                                         
I ' m really excited about the challenge ahead but in reality leading this squad of players will not fall just to me .                                                 
" We ' ve put the very best we could into the design and all of the equipment ," he said .                                                     
He said : ' That ' s when I really began to panic because I ' d been told I could go to jail for five years .                                           
U . S . oil climbed 21 percent over the last two days and it has recovered about half its losses from earlier in the year .                                           
It ' s been a long time , but we are finally focused on getting this done and we have the right people talking about it .                                           
It ' s important to reward your efforts and know your limits , because after all your mental and physical health should always be the priority .                                           
30 , 2017 , was to advance efforts to ensure women are paid the same as men for doing the same job , as required by federal law .                                       
In my opinion , he ' s better than a lot of the guys who are ranked ahead of him .                                                       
" They ' re not asking me for any strategic advice on how to win the primaries nor do they need any advice from me ," he said .                                       
Although he need wins to keep pace with the teams sitting above , a draw here would be hard to pass up .                                                   
I think I ' ve been able to stay with that and not be something other than the common man .                                                       
The plan would need to be in place by spring , before the next surge in numbers is expected , he says .                                                   
We recognize this is difficult news , and our focus right now is on our employees and to ensure they have all of the information they need as we move forward .                                 
California insists the goal of what it calls its " lost and found " program is to return funds to their proper owners .                                                 
Now he ' s gone I don ' t fear death any more because when my time comes I know I ' ll be with my son .                                         
I used to play semi - professional football when I was younger , but then I went to university and put on five stone .                                               
She won the US Open a few years ago , but people like to see you do well in Australia .                                                       
We know it will be tough and know we have be creative and take out chances if we are going to end this run without a win .                                         
Two former prime ministers were set to face off in the second round of a presidential election in the Central African Republic .                                                   
They went yard in the top of the first , second , third , sixth and eighth innings to put the visitors in the box seat .                                           
It ' s not make or break - one game doesn ' t change anything for me - it ' s all about going out there and having fun and trying to contribute to the team .                       
I ' m going to wait for all the facts to arrive and if in fact these allegations are true , I will immediately take action , which includes removing his scenes from the project .                         
He had been jailed for less than 17 months , and there was a great deal of doubt in Mexico that he ' d ever see the inside of a cell again .                               
I mean , what ' s the point of even playing but comes down so take the 30 - year option and get more .                                               
But it was the final five , a call to " please vote for Donald Trump ," that gained national attention .                                                     
If Trump can win here then he is expected to do even better in the next race in New Hampshire , and from there ride his momentum .                                         
The couple ' s two other children , a boy aged 12 and a girl aged 14 , have been taken into regional government care .                                             
We may switch it up here and there a little bit , but for the most part , we ' re going to get pressure on the quarterback and cover .                                   
Following the decision , the R & B singer took to Twitter , saying he believed his mistakes were a " wake - up call " and he wanted to teach young people about the danger of domestic violence .                 
If that can ' t happen then maybe I need to accept that , but I ' m not ready to do that yet .                                               
Both campaigns say a final deal has not yet been reached and the Democratic National Committee has not signed off on the agreement .                                                 
This look has recently become a request within the luxury end of the market as well as in more average households either by creating a whole room dedicated to this theme or by using elements of it in the home .               
Not everybody can coach a great player , and I think he has a gift to be able to do that .                                                     
One of the men said any questions about the affair should have been put to people who were senior to them .                                                     
There were no immediate reports of any major damage but police warned people to take extra care on the roads .                                                       
On Friday , that same jury found her guilty of being an Isis member and encouraging acts of terror on social media .                                                   
I did it in a rush and I took it all as a bit of a joke until I was in it , and then I realised it was serious and got out of it very quickly .                     
Now is the time to focus on your relationship with yourself ; once that ' s improved , you ' ll be able to focus on meeting women online or off .                                 
He said the boy ' s father took him to the island ' s medical centre , where a registered nurse treated him .                                                 
At 41 , he ' s also old enough to have experienced the trial as an adult but not so old his views about it were cast in concrete .                                     
Yet the majority of Chinese students graduate with little or no understanding of Australia ' s political and social systems .                                                       
And I would also , while we ' re at it , like two weeks guaranteed at Disney World every year .                                                     
The gun rights group initially claimed the White House ' organized ' the event , but CNN says it did not .                                                     
Brazil has been worst affected by the outbreak , followed by Colombia , but more than 20 other countries have seen cases .                                                   
She said : " Our customers and crews deserve to enjoy their flights , and not to suffer any form of abuse .                                                     
After the town hall , he approached the candidate to tell him that he was torn between Bush and Marco Rubio , but has now decided to vote for Bush .                                   
Last month another critical deadline passed , with the developer failing to make a $ 9 . 9 million payment to council for the land .                                             
I want to thank Tennessee and the University of Southern California but I will spend my college years at Oklahoma University ," Jones wrote on Twitter .                                           
Others have had to make changes to their lives themselves by deciding to work less days or choosing jobs with hours that better suit their lifestyle .                                           
And the trends in the labour market have been towards more part - time employment , meaning the average number of hours worked has fallen .                                             
He can match it with the best guys in the world and on his day he ' s capable of beating anyone .                                                   
" If anything it ' s going to encourage more people to come , because this has really got the word out there and engaged people ' s interest ," he said .                               
He ' s given so much and I thought the crowd in Perth got to see what he is really good at - and that ' s competing for every point .                                 
The officer helped lift Gray to a bench but did not assess his condition or call for medical assistance , officials say .                                                   
And hopefully when they leave that camp after three or four weeks , they go into their club season with a lot more knowledge about themselves and also about the international game .                               
The US Supreme Court declined to review his case earlier this month , and no new appeals were filed in the courts to try to block the punishment .                                       
In Syria , Iran is supporting the government of President Bashar al - Assad against rebel groups , some backed by Saudi Arabia .                                                 
American arms sales , of which a package worth $ 1 . 8 billion was approved last month , may again become a big issue in relations between China and America .                                 
It is the 26 - year - old ' s 18th career title from 35 finals , her Brisbane record now an impressive 15 - 2 , including three finals .                                   
August 27 - The U . S ., North Korea , South Korea , China , Japan and Russia take part in talks about the crisis in North Korea .                                     
For this reason , he is calling on Labour MPs to hold their own election to vote for a new leader .                                                     
Police in Belgium held three people for questioning last night , as part of an investigation into an alleged plot to carry out an attack in Brussels on New Year ' s Eve .                             
But across populations , drinking more than 14 units a week for women and 21 units for men will cause damage to heart cells .                                               
Their decision comes seven years after Mr Cameron declared he ' d like his children to go to state school .                                                       
The other thing I think this president has got to do , he ' s going to have the last best opportunity to push back on some of this really offensive rhetoric from Donald Trump .                         
If you can ' t make money at this Australian dollar gold price you should probably open an ice - cream shop .                                                   
I ' ve said certain things when it all first started , but that didn ' t do no good .                                                       
It ' s a two way street really because it ' s a chance to promote not only the company , but your name as well .                                           
It is a little too strong to describe the outcome of a Test that had yet to complete its third innings as a " winning draw " for South Africa .                                   
It ' ll be a new challenge for me after six years at the Warriors and when the time comes I ' ll move on with a number of good memories .                                 
His music played a very strong part in British musical history and I ' m proud to think of the huge influence he has had on people all around the world .                                 
But he told officers he had no memory of the November 22 incident at all and his first thing he clearly recalled after getting off the plane was being in a police cell .                             
They are determined to make it a reality and have informed the business leaders that they expect to see massive investment in football .                                                 
This is a major challenge when faced with EU citizens who have gone to Syria and may now be returning - in some cases to carry out violence .                                       
We ' ve put a line right through those three runs and we ' re expecting a big improvement on Saturday .                                                     
After his speech , ABC News asked him whether Trump ' s attacks on that part of his history are fair .                                                     
It ranked Australia lowest in its region on income security , due to the high rate of old age poverty and pension coverage which is below the regional average .                                     
Just over a year ago , Mohammed , 55 , and his family were at home when a missile hit their house .                                                   
Meanwhile , the share of Americans in poverty dropped during the Clinton years , from 15 . 1 % in 1993 to 11 . 3 % in 2000 .                                       
Here , readers and writers explain which books they wish more people had read and why they want to share them with others this Christmas season .                                           
There ' s a saying that religion and film have one thing in common : Both try to make you believe that life could have meaning .                                           
The final analysis of data revealed that at least two top Sydney universities had admitted 60 per cent of students with marks that were below the minimum requirements .                                       
The new proposals will apply to the 24 , 000 - mile network of A roads which are managed by local councils .                                                   
Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is taking steps to launch an independent bid for the White House , CBS News has confirmed .                                               
An Indian teenager scored more than 1 , 000 runs in a single innings to set a new world record in school cricket .                                                 
But only 57 per cent of hospitals carried it out round - the - clock , seven days a week .                                                       
But every single one wanted to meet her and she got offers from them all , which happens very rarely .                                                       
We don ' t know to this day ," Cruz told supporters at a coffee shop in Charles City , Iowa .                                                     
After Saudi Arabia cut diplomatic ties , it was reported that the nation also will cut all commercial ties with Iran , put a stop to air traffic between the two nations , and ban its citizens from traveling to Iran .             
Australians should have enough money to not have to do this sort of thing to people who already don ' t have it easy .                                               
But only 13 % of the world ' s land is set aside for this purpose , the study authors noted .                                                     
What ' s that going to do on top of the warming effect we ' ve had in the last six months to a year ?                                             
I hope that research continues in this area and I agree with the authors ' suggestion that both school and federal policies and guidelines may need to change in order to have a significant effect .                         
There have been so many injuries , all of a similar nature in such a short space of time , that it is unlikely to be a case of bad luck .                                 
" It feels so good to not have the stress of thinking I need a C - section ," she wrote on her website then .                                             
" The right thing to do is to talk , not do what we ' re seeing today which is putting patients at risk ," Mr Hunt said .                                       
That ' s the real test for me in a role - can I still see me when I watch it on screen ?                                                 
' Because if a guy doesn ' t do what he ' s supposed to do , he won ' t get stronger , he ' ll be weak .                                     
It ' s not like I ' m putting pressure on myself but I want to go out there and defend my two Olympic titles .                                             
Just when the Brumbies thought a bad week couldn ' t get any worse , their captain Stephen Moore decided to accept a three - year contract to stay in Australian Super Rugby until the 2019 World Cup .                   
It is normal for couples in such circumstances to apply for a number of schools in both the state and private sector .                                                   
" People need to think about their power consumption ... we aren ' t expecting to break records , but people don ' t want to be getting a large bill at the end of the quarter ," the spokesman said .             
The two artists went on to get to know each other over a long ' dream ' dinner in New York City in 2005 where they talked about TV shows , tea and Russian art films .                       
We thought , ' OK , we definitely have to have relatives from the same place somewhere down the line ,' but that wasn ' t the case .                                         
' But somebody said that as you get older you become the person you always should have been , and I feel that ' s happening to me .                                       
" I ' ve won the FA Cup six times , that means I take it seriously ," he said .                                                       
Here , I play good but the goals don ' t come - but I will keep working and hopefully one day it will come .                                             
We had a discussion after [ our last ] training , if we were to go and be first and second in every leg down the coast .                                         
A shocking 1 in 12 criminals go on to commit another offence within three weeks of being released from prison , it has been revealed .                                             
More than 1 million refugees and migrants escaped to Europe in 2015 , according to the U . N . refugee agency .                                                   
She has vowed to take " dramatic steps " to review the membership of the Academy and introduce greater diversity among voters .                                                   
This sounds brilliant , after all it is a win - win situation and what is there not to like about it ?                                                   
He ' s one of the best big men in the country and I can ' t wait to play with him .                                                   
The Times reports that Google could pay France three times as much in a similar settlement despite the UK being the tech giant ' s biggest foreign market .                                       
Of even greater concern , they say , is the lack of dramatic immediate action that was agreed to tackle global warming .                                                   
I ' d had a few part - time jobs as a teenager , but it was nothing to working eight hours a day during the week .                                         
Mr Oliver said he had spent two and a half years building up the business and felt he had no choice but to leave the Metropolitan Police .                                         
The tourists will certainly know they are in a contest and they will be able to hear it most of the time .                                                   
' Following junior doctors ' clear message to the Government during last week ' s action , our focus is now on building on early progress made in the current set of talks .                             
" I didn ' t know his ranking was as high as it was , to be quite honest ," he said .                                                   
In an earlier statement , officers urged Georgia to make contact with either the force or her family as soon as possible .                                                   
" It ' s a difficult location and I don ' t think that it had had a clean up for a while ," he said .                                           
I don ' t want to call it a ' dry run ,' this was more of a ' wet run ' for what ' s going to come .                                     
I ' ve also watched the first three films again , with my six - year - old , who is still too young to see the new movie .                                     
They welcomed Cameron ' s comments but said any tax would need to be set at a high enough level to have an impact .                                               
I not only found key historic moments from the year , but also chose moments that give people a more personal look at the lives of the President and First Lady .                                 
The deputy prime minister will be merely acting prime minister for a day or so until the new head of the Liberal Party is confirmed .                                             
You can leave school , you can go to college or sixth form , but you don ' t have to be there .                                                 
On Wednesday , the governor finally declared a state of emergency , and made it clear the gas company will be responsible for all costs from the environmental disaster .                                     
North Korea is isolated from much of the rest of the world , and China is its main link with the international community .                                                 
His TV career followed a long - standing interest in politics , having co - founded a weekly newspaper in his 20s and helping to establish the centre - right Social Democratic party .                             
" We wanted to show that these children are not just numbers : they have dreams , hopes and talent , " he says .                                                 
I ' m just going to leave it up to the professionals at the Justice Department because nothing that this says changes the fact that I never sent or received material marked classified .                             
Lewis said : " His finishing under pressure , I have never seen anything like it - every time I made it 2 - 2 in a set , his massive finishing came into play .                           
" This is now the main story in tennis , in ( the ) sports world , there ' s going to be a lot of allegations ," he said .                                   
The report contains comments from estate agents across the country as to their short - term views of the property market in their area .                                               
The drone flew above them but initially its movements didn ' t indicate that it had anything to do with them .                                                     
" They are privately owned , and as a result of being privately owned , they make their own rules ," he said .                                                 
But it also showed the desperate attempts that some parents will go to when facing the loss of a young child .                                                     
You want them to understand that you share in that loss that you weren ' t with them right from the very beginning .                                                 
The 57 - year - old fought back tears on Wednesday during a performance in Mexico City , opening up about facing a " challenging " time in her life .                                   
This means experts can make multiple changes to the material ' s shape and effectively ' save ' them like a computer file , which they can then ' access ' again .                               
" The problem is we should have all been looking at this stuff a long time ago ," he said .                                                       
There are now so many friends , colleagues , and teachers who all in different ways have led me here .                                                       
" There ' s plenty of things that they can do right now that are already there ," the GOP presidential hopeful said .                                                 
Moore was release 31 months later , but his four colleagues - a personal security detail - were all killed .                                                       
There are probably some players who could do with a bit of rest ... you don ' t know what can happen .                                                   
It speaks of a change that will affect you all year as you step out of a negative pattern and open up to an exciting new possibility .                                         
Sanders ' campaign has said it had about $ 28 million on hand at the end of 2015 and raised $ 33 million in the final months .                                         
The fact that an individual seeking a recognition of their legal change in gender has to be diagnosed with a mental health condition first " shows how far we have got to go with this issue ," she said .                 
I think I ' ve only won once in the all the times I have played there , the crowd really gets behind them and are very vocal but it ' s a fun place to play as well .                 
You could set up this system yourself , though software is now available to handle card organisation automatically and has gained a loyal online following .                                             
I ' m not worried about anything else , but if I can ' t master the House then I must not go on .                                               
Perhaps financial therapy just offers a much - needed platform to discuss these feelings with someone who won ' t judge us .                                                   
It follows research earlier this month that showed house prices have risen 300 per cent in the past 20 years .                                                       
" We ' ve got to go 20 years , we ' ve got to keep them here until they die ," he added .                                               
With the gang members in jail , the other business owners are finally willing to come forward and bear witness .                                                       
If you ' re ready to venture out yet on New Year ' s Day , there ' s a good chance you could make the journey to stock up at the local supermarket only to find it is shut .               
He said he showed up at her house , saw her on the floor through a window , broke in and tried to help her .                                             
I can hold my referendum at any time up until the end of 2017 , and it is much more important to get this right than to rush it .                                     
She was told she had to work to pay off £ 33 , 000 in expenses for being brought to the UK .                                                   
On set , we were all just so focused not the challenge of it and having so much fun that the post - Star Wars stuff was a surprise .                                     
" The other option is that you ignore it completely and say , " It was only one time ," or in this case two times .                                             
The boss just wants me to be patient and make a difference when the opportunity presents itself and that ' s what I ' ll try to do .                                       
We ' ve seen the [ athlete ' s ] village and everything as well , it ' s definitely a benefit .                                                   
She claims she started using drugs because she was going through ' difficult personal circumstances ' after a relationship break up .                                                     
And if the white blood in me was here tonight , my grandmother , she would tell you of how she was turned away from a hospital ... because she was giving birth to the child of a black person .               
But for now , she will be voting in the 2016 election from overseas - and Clinton will have her support if she is the nominee .                                           
" We are aware of the need to protect the security and safety of our own residents and are taking all the necessary steps to make sure that is done ," it said .                             
He said that he hoped that the political climate would change so that he might return without walking back into jail , and later run for office again .                                       
Just in terms of having a complete and fair season , it ' s really luck of the draw who you play those two games and who you play once .                                   
You train just as hard for this sort of event as you do for a qualifying race because you want to do well when you put your foot on the line while also raising money for the kids .                   
When you walk down the street , our community is so diverse , and I don ' t think you can see that on Australian drama at all .                                       
These were plastic bags with a chemical inside that turned whatever you were going to put in it more solid .                                                       
If elected , Sanders would be the oldest president -- nearly six years older than Ronald Reagan when he took office .                                                     
He also has a job in his home state of Indiana and is planning to obtain a degree in information systems .                                                     
This is not the first time his name has appeared in a criminal case , but until now , prosecutors have cited lack of evidence against him or simply ordered him to pay fines .                           
I ' m happy for the families of other Iranian - Americans , who still live in the United States , but ( are ) now back to their loved ones .                                 
It is forecast that there will be increase in the number of people who will require support in the future , particular those with complex needs .                                           
Even if an Australian government wanted to yield to the US drug companies , it wouldn ' t be able to .                                                     
' It didn ' t take long for the doctors to tell me it was a rare form of cancer and I knew I ' d got a major battle on my hands .                             
We ' ve had over 500 , 000 hits on the website this year alone and hoping to make it even bigger and better in 2016 .                                           
There is an intelligence analysis centre but there is no EU - wide intelligence service and , despite some calls for one , it seems unlikely to appear any time soon .                                 
I ' ve been coming here regularly for more than a decade , and it has never lost its appeal as an ideal place for escape .                                           
Joe Anderson , Liverpool ' s Mayor , said 80 % of residents backed the original plans for this area .                                                       
The former Maryland governor has during the course of the campaign mentioned a close friend who lost a daughter to addiction .                                                     
When you ' re running for President and you ' re serious about getting results for the American people , details matter -- and Senator Sanders is making them up as he goes along .                           
I get too many letters from parents , and teachers , and kids to sit around and do nothing ," Mr Obama continued .                                                 
The results of a nationwide survey reveal that the animals are spreading into areas where they have not been seen for 100 years .                                                 
It was just a movie to her then , one that she thought had too much of a Hollywood ending .                                                       
Others defended her saying " good for her ," and " I don ' t see why girls would hate this .                                                     
The truth is , Ted , throughout this campaign , you ' ve been willing to say or do anything to get votes .                                                 
Last week Jane said : ' I ' ve never hurt nobody and I ' m really sorry it got to this stage .                                                   
If , however , the number of people is equal to the number who bought tickets for Wednesday ' s draw , the expected value will drop to about £ 3 . 20 .                             
After five years of strong market returns , he believes the key to success over the coming 12 months will be choosing your investments with real care .                                         
It doesn ' t sit well with us , particularly at this time of year , that we still don ' t know what happened to William .                                         
Munich : Germany received a tip that militants from Iraq and Syria were planning attacks in Munich on New Year ' s Eve but police have been unable to find the suspects and are not even sure if they exist , Munich ' s police chief says . 
He cannot play tomorrow for sure , not against Leicester ( in the Premier League next Tuesday ) and I don ' t know what happens after Leicester to be honest .                                 
That ' s why I ' m so lucky to be in a job where I make it up as I go along .                                                 
Our four - year pay offer is extremely fair and we have gone the extra mile to fully protect the work - life balance of all our staff .                                       
When I didn ' t get picked in the one - day team I wasn ' t too worried , there was a lot of cricket coming up .                                       
When it comes to knowing how poor diet affects the risk , adults in the East of England were the least aware of the connection .                                             
He said they were quickly engaged by Indian troops and " were unable to move toward their likely intended target " of the area where the base ' s aircraft and military equipment are kept .                         
Trump pointed to those media statements , as well , in explaining his decision not to attend Thursday ' s debate .                                                     
What child , taken away from the care of his or her parents will not suffer some form of psychological trauma ?                                                     
The question is whether consumers will prefer to spend more to have the ability to tap into a large library of third - party apps .                                             
The conclusion was made by an Irish parliamentary committee , which examined the causes of the Republic of Ireland ' s 2008 banking crisis and economic crash .                                         
The media in their minds and the way everybody plays the game , you have to go through the media to get where you want to go if you are in politics .                               
Just make sure in 2016 you take the best out of every moment and never take anyone or anything for granted .                                                     
Westminster is home to some of the most valuable and sensitive built heritage in the world , and this heritage is essential to London ' s economic , as well as cultural success .                             
They gave up 18 points in the first on 30 . 4 % shooting , 18 in the third on 30 % shooting and 19 in the fourth on 38 . 9 % shooting .                           
A Paris police official said police were investigating the incident as " more likely terrorism " than a standard criminal act .                                                     
We bid it out in Trump , but we don ' t bid it out with politicians cause they don ' t even know what it means to bid out .                                   
" The Secretary of the Navy should have better things to do than adding the English language to the list ," he said .                                                 
Or was he not shot because there were orders to bring him in alive , because he is still of some value to someone ?                                               
To see how much more work can be done in a specific area , it has given us a lot of rest because we feel like that ' ll give us a lot of hope they will find Craig soon .               
I ' m sure it ' s something to do with my childhood holidays , which were only a little way down the coast .                                               
" I didn ' t know how the government would take it -- whether they ' d call me in to investigate ," he said .                                             
In 2005 , he had been hired by then Tory leader , Michael Howard , to run his UK election campaign .                                                     
I know my game is at a level to compete and win more often so now it is a matter of making it happen .                                               
" There are some sweet spots in the US where some operators are able to keep production going at lower levels , but it ' s not economic at under $ 30 ," he says .                         
The concern about bringing the former president out on the trail may be more about its implications for the future , should Bush go on to the general election .                                     
The State Department said in a statement it was aware of the situation , but didn ' t release any other details , citing privacy concerns .                                           
' I am not saying they did it deliberately but my wife pulled around it herself and if you ' ve got no choice you should slow down .                                       
We have a significant number of popular parks and beaches and we encourage people to share those public spaces to celebrate and have fun in the sun .                                         
In an interview last week , Mr Khan insisted he would stand up to Mr Corbyn if elected to City Hall .                                                     
That report cited research by Oxford University which said that up to 35 % of all workers in the UK , and 47 % of those in the US , are at risk of being displaced by technology over the next 20 years .         
As Steve pointed out this is not a rock solid case and it did take authorities four years to bring it .                                                     
He must have played nearly 600 games as a centre forward , which is maybe not the same as playing in the position I did .                                             
The lengthy speech on social policy marks Cameron ' s return to some of the ideas he spoke about before becoming prime minister , such as trying to turn around " broken Britain " and creating a big society .                 
The next president must be able to deal with other world leaders and to represent U . S . national security interests abroad , he said .                                           
The manager believes a change of luck will help but is also willing to spend to try to turn United ' s season around .                                               
He said there was " always " more to learn , adding : " That is why we will review everything that ' s been done .                                             
" It would have to be something a lot more serious as far as military action compared to cutting ties between Iran and Saudi Arabia ," he explained .                                       
What this means in practice is that if A is on trial for selling drugs , the jury likely will never hear that A has a conviction for the same crime on his record .                           
We were not at our best today , but over Christmas in four games we took nine points so we can look back and say we did 75 % of our job .                               
After a tough year in 2014 when I was come back from back surgery , I think I ' m now established again at the top of the game and giving myself chances .                             
" I have had three emails from deputy heads ," said Mr Marshall - Taylor , " and one from a head .                                                     
The orders are frequently used police believe the public maybe at risk from a person who has not been convicted of a sexual offence .                                               
She said that on the night she arrived at the airport she agreed to hand over the £ 55 because she just wanted to get home .                                           
He also told a prosecutor upon questioning that he wouldn ' t have been surprised to have seen $ 100 , 000 from the sale of a house in the account .                                 
That sentiment is particularly strong among gun owners , 75 % of whom say they doubt the changes will reduce gun deaths .                                                   
A member of the crew told him he ' d never work in Hollywood again , but his career very quickly took off .                                                 
The social media era has seen millions sharing their feelings with the world - but we are quickly learning just how dangerous that can be .                                             
He ' s got to be scoring big runs for NSW to get in [ to the Australian Test side ] which is only a good thing for us .                                     
If you try to cook food to sell , there is no market - people just don ' t have the money to buy it .                                             
These will set out our intention but it will take some time to work out the detail of those changes and how we want our organisations to operate in future .                                   
49 percent think the economy is in good shape , while 49 percent say it is bad - that ' s down from 53 percent last month .                                         
He wrote : ' I have been to the hospitals up and down the state and so many hospitals lack not only man power but also doctors who are qualified for their jobs .                               
With Trump ' s absence from the main debate stage , only seven Republican candidates will be present on Thursday night .                                                     
We investigated to see what was making the structures so expensive and decided to explore how much it would cost if we built up the whole thing on our own .                                   
Mohammed has heard from home that his son is living on the streets , eating only when concerned friends and former neighbours find him and give him food .                                       
He said , however , that he would accept an offer from a senior officer to meet him to explain what happened during their ten - month investigation .                                       
He tries to get forward as much as he can and you don ' t see many players like that now .                                                     
At the end of the day , whether I win anything or don ' t , that ' s the reason why I play and that keeps me motivated .                                     
He said allegations were made against the practice after he had fallen out with a member of staff over the way she had been working .                                             
Rather than sending her to school to learn and have a good education , I take her like this to work with me ?                                                 
" I hate to break it to you , a room full of people sitting down , but sitting is killing you ," he says to the audience .                                       
And I don ' t blame the government , because there is only one person to blame here : The man or woman who decided to kill .                                         
Now is that going to be enough to establish himself on the 53 within this system , I don ' t know .                                                   
A refugee sharing plan launched in September has barely got off the ground and countries are still not sending back people who don ' t qualify for asylum .                                       
" To have brought the whole future of our relationship with the European Union down to this one issue shows that the prime minister , I think , is missing the big picture ," he said .                       
Meanwhile , other organisations such as the American University of Nigeria are trying to prevent young people from turning to violence .                                                     
For some people it certainly is [ drought - breaking ] but some country is going to take a long time to respond .                                                 
" If I could go back in time , then I would like to think I would take steps to seek support for myself ," she said .                                         
He is a member of our squad who is now out , but he has got to take responsibility for it .                                                     
Three years ago , the programme ' s cost was estimated at around $ 3 billion , and it has obviously risen still further .                                               
A friend of mine often used to joke that one day I ' d be one of the girls he talked about and I didn ' t believe her .                                     
Researchers at the City University of New York measured the amount of energy more than 300 men and women used on a daily basis over the course of a week .                                   
" I think so definitely , that ' s always been the goal , so I would love the opportunity to get the call up ," she said .                                       
And this is just this latest example of , I think , the administration needs to step up its game , generally speaking , in foreign policy .                                         
There ' s the shame ; the shame of letting the outside world know that your father has a problem , that you feel he has failed you , or that others might look down on you because of what he is .           
It ' s a reminder to the audience of where the couple come from - and of how extraordinary Obama ' s achievement was in becoming president in 2008 .                                     
The harm that the possession and distribution of these images will have caused their victims will be lasting and cannot be measured .                                                   
And -- and part of my faith and hope in America is just that -- not -- not that we achieve a perfect union , but that we get better .                                   
It ' s impossible to know what to say to a father in that situation - I know how close they all were as a family .                                           
I think that is something that millions and millions of Americans have been waiting for probably a decade or two to hear something .                                                 
" This is a difficult but important conversation , and it ' s time for big changes ," she said .                                                       
She added : " Maybe some people will do that , we ' re all human - but it wasn ' t for me , not with that first guy .                                     
Clinton until now has largely remained behind the scenes , raising money and offering campaign advice to the former New York senator and secretary of state .                                           
I am so delighted ... I thought about the tough times when I struggled [ with injury ] and my record was poor , but I have come this far with the support of so many people and the guidance of my stable master .       
Even though it is a compromise and so not the perfect decision for us , it is a good decision because it brings the NFL back to Los Angeles , and we are happy it got made .                     
" I ' m surprised by the amount of time the plant is going to be out , due to this accident ," one analyst , who did not wish to be named , said .                         
In the UK , for example , you have to be a citizen of the UK , the Republic of Ireland or the Commonwealth , and over 18 , to be an MP .                             
And you certainly don ' t want maximum security prisoners who are a danger to the public to get out of your jail .                                                 
It has been reported that the Little family may have suffered financial strain as well with the family living for two years in a shed as they saved up to build a house .                             
He said an embassy employee told him that was because of a robbery conviction he had before becoming a political activist .                                                     
There are fewer good jobs available in poor countries , and in the absence of a welfare state few people can afford to do nothing .                                             
" I felt like I was a bit too top - heavy running out games last year ," he said .                                                       
Meanwhile , top officials from Denmark , Sweden and Germany will hold talks in Brussels tomorrow amid concern about new border control measures aimed at stopping migrants entering northern Europe .                                   
A break in the rain may come by Friday , but another system could hit Los Angeles on Saturday night into Sunday .                                                   
That ' s $ 150 , 000 for the whole squad to share among themselves , not just cash for a handful of better - known players .                                         
So you just come out , you just try to improve and try to work every single game and get better at certain things .                                               
It comes as a monitoring group today claimed Russian airstrikes have killed 3 , 000 people , 1 , 000 of which were civilians , since it began its bombing campaign on September 30 .                           
It is expected that any solution would give five to 10 years relief in order for a longer - term strategy to be developed .                                               
If the Lakers finish with the NBA ' s second - worst record , there ' s a 44 . 3 % chance of losing their top - three - protected draft pick .                             
Munich police said an attack was expected during the night and warned people to avoid the two stations and large crowds in general .                                                 
" That ' s what I enjoy most , working out how to get around each child to get them comfortable in the water ," she says .                                         
For supporters of Wales and Northern Ireland , it will be the first opportunity to support their side in 58 and 30 years respectively .                                               
Yet its residents are also relatively well - paid , with 61 percent of families making at least $ 100 , 000 .                                                   
Is that the one where you sit on the floor and don ' t learn to read until you ' re 7 ?                                                   
I ' m still going to be worried as a parent , because for a year and a half he was drinking this water with the lead and all these chemicals in it .                             
On Tuesday , she posted a moving message to him on Instagram that included a video of him from their wedding .                                                     
" I hadn ' t been to this area yet , but it has been really fun ," she said .                                                       
The real fun , however , comes when we find out how the captain , coach and one journalist from each nation voted .                                                 
Some needed to check their bank accounts , others wanted to learn English , and some even wanted to look for solutions to their medical problems .                                           
She added : " There is a long - term future in the North Sea , but only if the right action is taken .                                                 
As a result , two decades later , 90 % of the leave days were still being used by women .                                                       
A few years ago , however , he converted to Islam - something that was officially confirmed by the authorities on Wednesday for the first time .                                           
A police chief declined to discuss the matter when contacted by The Mail on Sunday yesterday , but said there was no record of the incident .                                           
An early error was not noticed by a variety of professionals who are all working under a great deal of pressure .                                                     
So I ' m afraid we don ' t see each other as much as we used to , which is sad .                                                   
I ' m in the leadership group , I try to go out there and lead the football club that I love as best as possible .                                           
And that means there is a concern that when the interest rate rise eventually comes , the public reaction will be very negative - even though that rate rise will be a very small one .                         
' But more often than not , you can ' t actually help your family - so we ' ve got to think as a community .                                           
This is even more vital now that a legal ruling on a child ' s permanent future must be made within 26 weeks .                                                 
If she had been I don ' t think we would have been allowed to do it ,' he said .                                                       
Iran needs to be included in any conversations on ending the terrible war in Syria and they certainly have potential to be a force for good .                                           
And this week , he can be seen on documentary videos his organization will use to spread word about the changing climate .                                                   
It is very difficult to know at this moment but I am optimistic he will not be out for the rest of the season .                                               
" I felt [ going to England ] was a pretty good plan , and I still do even knowing more now than I knew then ," Martin said .                                     
While it ' s unclear whether the attacks were directly linked , Australia ' s Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade have advised against all travel to the north of the country .                               
I used to play football regularly but because of the injury to my leg am not able to do so ,' he said .                                                 
However , it is unlikely , the authors said , that the couple will make their relationship more " official " before the end of his five - year term in 2017 .                               
" To use executive powers he doesn ' t have is a pattern that is quite dangerous ," Bush told Fox News .                                                   
It is estimated that he has spent up to £ 150 , 000 on keeping the project going during the winter months .                                                   
The school puts on an overseas university fair , also open to state schools , to allow teenagers to find out more about studying abroad .                                             
One time , when I was still fairly new to it , I was up against a black belt and he only beat me by one point .                                         
He said : " They can become very aggressive , we have had a couple of cases where prisoners get super human strength .                                                   
It may well create greater difficulty in finding any kind of moderate forces to train and assist in the process of fighting ISIS both in Syria and Iraq .                                       
But that is just over half the total number of NHS junior doctors in England , who number 54 , 000 .                                                     
Under a regulation that has been in place since 2008 , working refugees in the Netherlands have to hand over 75 % of their income to cover the cost of food and living expenses .                           
A witness said : ' There was a big group of doctors in the city centre and this man was at the back .                                                   
The chances of someone wanting to take a blind shot for you ... it ' s not going to happen .                                                       
But I think sometimes if I wasn ' t making shots or something I would just keep trying to go for something bigger and bigger , and that doesn ' t work out too well if you ' re not on .             
" We are seeing higher levels of bacteria in the river water ... but we ' re managing it ," she told CNN .                                                 
Three in ten did not know what else to do and nearly a quarter feared they would not be good at anything else .                                                 
" It ' s mine ," he said , " I paid for it ," making a reference to his taxes .                                                       
When Americans are asked about gun laws more generally , 57 percent think gun laws should be more strict , up slightly from last month and at the level seen in October .                               
In his 20 - year career , Bryant failed to make only one All - Star game - as a Lakers rookie in 1996 .                                               
There are still lots out there I ' ve not read yet , and they might have different ideas to the 59 I ' ve already got .                                         
It meant that Boston is the place where it was most likely someone would kill you , try to kill you or plot to kill you .                                           
What is striking watching this show , particularly if you have read his book , is understanding he ' s one who got away .                                               
Since then , we ' ve recorded a new album , largely inspired by the crash , and we ' re back on tour .                                               
' I also didn ' t sit in the public gallery for the rest of the trial after giving my evidence because of this .                                               
" If we find there is something to be concerned about , if someone writes to us and says this is maybe not as it should be , then we will take a look ," she said .                     
We believed we had covered a good deal of territory , but there ' s certainly other things going on in America .                                                   
You have to stop them from getting a touchdown when you get a chance and ( we ) didn ' t get it done .                                               
A spokeswoman for the joint committee on the Palace of Westminster said : ' The committee is looking at a range of options and no final decision has been taken .                                     
Last year , more than 5 , 000 new games were created in one weekend , with 78 different countries taking part .                                                   
After France , most visitors to the park come from the UK , making up 14 per cent of their guests in 2013 .                                                 
Given the level of outrage that has been generated around top pay and growing inequality , we should expect something to change .                                                   
The next step was for me to make a selection that works together , which meant including five pictures from one artist , because it ' s a small series , and maybe only one from another artist , as it stands alone really strong .     
That potentially would be the most in one winter since 2008 , and it represents more than 18 percent of the current population of about 4 , 900 animals .                                     
But the men tried to drive away from the scene as fast as possible , saying ' let ' s go , let ' s go ' as the woman speaks .                                 
While it takes into account issues such as family ties and health , the main rule is clear : the first country of entry is , in general , supposed to deal with the claim .                         
I ' ve had injuries , I ' ve been out on loan to six different clubs , so I ' ve played for a lot of different clubs in my young career so far .                         
Trump ' s camp also said that Fox officials were calling " every 15 minutes " on Thursday , " nearly a dozen calls " total .                                             
He ' s going to talk about people that helped him along the way and where he sees where Hollywood and this country could be headed in the right direction .                                   
I can see that , because many young people tell me that they feel connected with the atmosphere of the film .                                                     
Rather than telling the crowd that I can solve this problem because I ' m a Kennedy , he said we can work together because I know what it ' s like to lose someone shot by white people .                 
She used to fish for dinner on its banks , but now she can ' t bear to look at it .                                                     
Isis , which controls large parts of Iraq and Syria , has killed thousands of civilians in the past two years .                                                     
It was only when I got to the platform that I realised my train was not travelling and I had to go back through the mass of men and walked the five kilometres home by foot .                       
" My only goal is to be professional and to be tough but fair , and if I do that for two hours I ' ll be just fine ," she said .                               
You can imagine if you had wealthy owners with a stake in a competition who had different views , how that might compromise what you ' re doing to help protect international cricket .                             
He feels he has a lot to prove and I can ' t wait to see him do it in a Newcastle shirt .                                                 
She said in her speech that her job as an actor is to ' create a human being ' and she does her job to the best of her ability .                                   
It was one of the worst days of my life , and at that moment I knew that I had to do what I could to prevent this from happening to another child .                             
A source close to the Bush campaign also confirmed that former President George W . Bush will be campaigning for his brother in South Carolina soon .                                           
It is a long year ahead of us but we also know there ' s a massive game ahead and we need to keep getting better .                                           
" I don ' t know what happened , but there wasn ' t any money involved from my end ," she said .                                                 
We were told that this was not cold - calling because the people we were calling had opted in online to receive marketing calls .                                               
Alabama ( 13 - 1 ) has played only three regular - season games over the past eight years without some sort of national championship implications .                                           
" It ' s been a tough few weeks for me away from the court ," Murray said in his post - match speech , before turning his attention to his wife .                               
" For me , rock was always about narrative or putting forward little stories and ideas however strange or off the wall they might be ," Bowie said .                                       
The first thing I thought a bit strange was when Helen told me what time she was leaving the next morning and said she ' d need to use the bathroom at a certain time before that .                     
The Panthers have fewer receiving weapons , and that could allow Arizona to put an extra defender in the box to stop the run .                                               
That was a nice escape from myself , and I got to participate in something that I really enjoy , a passion that ' s definitely grown for me over the last two years .                           
I think he and the vice president have tried to be fair and even - handed in the process and I expect that they will continue to be that way ," he told press outside the White House .                   
It would be impossible for him not to feel hurt because he ' s a human being like the rest of us .                                                   
Instead , I tell her she can eat some fruit if she likes , but she won ' t get anything else until the next day .                                           
The court heard that she also told them she did not want to spend her life savings on care when other people got it for free .                                           
Once it has been running for a while , they hope to introduce a commission system and potentially start to launch delivery services and suggestion boxes as well .                                       
Second , primary care doctors should screen women who are pregnant or have recently given birth , two groups not included in earlier recommendations .                                               
The first time I met someone who just didn ' t give a you - know - what was in my early 20s .                                                 
I can ' t tell you how many doctors we went to who said it was all in his head because they ' d never seen it .                                         
He told police she took hold of his hand and moved it herself to her chest , the jury has heard .                                                     
The personal accounts of the women in this film highlight the harsh reality of life for women and children living in a war torn country .                                             
Sanders says at an event in Manchester that the " eyes of America , in fact much of the world " will be on Iowa Monday .                                           
The film is accompanied by open letters the women have written urging mothers in the UK to take steps to prevent their daughters travelling to Syria .                                           
Netflix said it finished the year with nearly 75 million members , for a net gain of 17 million new members .                                                     
Some big banks paid out less than in 2014 , even though Bank of England base rate has been frozen at 0 . 5 per cent since March 2009 .                                     
While the U . S . Supreme Court has never ruled on the issue , Republican primary voters have an opinion : 76 percent feel Cruz is eligible to be president of the United States .                         
We like to share our experiences with wine and see what ' s going on in different parts of the city .                                                     
Her friends and members of the public obviously agreed as the video has since had more than 130 , 000 views on Facebook alone .                                               
Officials there are urging women - who can wait - to hold off on becoming pregnant until the crisis is under control .                                                   
He would wait for hours to be seen at a clinic for just a few minutes , where 150 patients lined up every day .                                               
The deaths take the toll this year in " green - on - blue " killings -- in which Afghan forces turn their weapons against their Western allies -- to at least 26 , in a total of 18 such incidents .             
It ' s unclear if the car was in gear at the time , which would have made it much more difficult for her to move .                                           
He is not ready to stop playing here just yet and is showing the sort of tennis that should carry him deep into the second week , perhaps all the way after losing in four finals .                       
It is quite possible the fans , at least the less than fully invested , will vote with their feet and start staying away because of the lack of entertainment .                                   
" I got really good at taking a shot under the table so people don ' t see ," she said .                                                     
The owner of the dog has agreed to have it put down and an investigation was " ongoing ," police said .                                                     
If it is at all possible I know they are going to get me back and I will do my part to make sure I ' m ready .                                       
While Asia , with a current population of 4 . 4 billion , is expected to peak around the middle of the century at 5 . 3 billion , and then decline to around 4 . 9 billion .                   
Egypt says the crash has taken a huge toll on its vital tourism industry , as a government official reported that the country has lost hundreds of millions of dollars .                                   
When one of my teachers visited his primary school to prepare for the transition to secondary , staff there told her his mother had died in tragic circumstances - that was it , no detail .                         
Yet they were still convinced I was a good father , and I feel happy when I see how close we are now .                                                 
It is this changing landscape that will be at the core of Melbourne ' s new 10 - year plan .                                                       
The interview came as the Prime Minister ' s hopes of holding his EU referendum in June suffered a blow when his fellow leaders said an agreement was still some way off .                               
When this father came to him to ask him for help for his daughter , he did not allow him to call or even use his phone .                                         
On the current state of works , there ' s no chance those extra trains will be running by 2019 .                                                       
Some people have said to us this is so good the kids won ' t want to go back home .                                                       
It was not for you or anyone else to decide to take matters into your own hands and deal out your own form of justice outside of the law .                                     
But in western Sydney , where the heat is worst felt , councils aren ' t waiting for the Turnbull government ' s plan .                                               
And the truth is , under this president , we are on Iran ' s side , not our allies ', who would help us defeat ISIS .                                         
" I don ' t think this team ' s carrying that weight , to be honest ," he said .                                                       
Press reports said the authorities acted on a tip - off from locals who spotted him in the area and realised he was a wanted man after seeing reports on social media .                               
It added that only " senior users " would be able to use the extended facility from the start but it would be open to other members before the end of February .                               
" I just kept watching it [ security video ] and going my God , my God , he didn ' t have to do a thing ," he said .                                   
Police have linked a man found dead in Perth with the rape of at least three women in New Zealand in 2007 .                                                   
At one point the film was about to go into production when she found out she was pregnant with her first child and put making the movie on hold .                                     
Then they installed the correct panel for the door but the glass is wrong - and this is what the argument keeps coming back round to .                                           
As in human communities , if an individual is affected by any of the factors above , then others travelling with it will also be exposed to the same problems .                                   
The only way he - or anyone else can beat that - is to win all three in the same season .                                                     
To be truly elite , we have to buy into a set of values and principles that we believe in .                                                       
When you ' re at a certain level , you can do what the hell you want ; as a film - maker you ' re hoping people can give you money to do what you want .                     
It is a day where you need some luck with barriers but I have the right horses to take advantage of any that comes .                                               
That puts Sanders in position to potentially win both early states as he continues to hold a very large lead in New Hampshire .                                                 
How do you get a feel for your team going forward when you know that your best player is not going to be there next year ?                                           
The school made headlines last year when three of its pupils travelled to Turkey and Syria with the apparent intention of joining Islamic State .                                               
A lot of people have said a lot of things in this campaign that don ' t turn out exactly to be true .                                                 
" We had a phone call to the office from somebody who had been told something by somebody about who committed this offence ," he told ABC radio on Tuesday .                                   
In the first week of January , China again cut its currency , coming at almost the same time as some weak manufacturing data .                                               
The first answer is transparency : better access to government data means everyone with the skills can assess the area of government activity that interests them .                                           
If you ' re very lucky , it ' ll allow you to achieve your goal and let you get home safely .                                                   
' In addition it has encouraged them to address their messages to different audiences , because it ' s a relatively cheap medium of communication .                                             
I want them to say after I die , that my mother she died , but she did so much for us .                                                   
Oil prices reached their lowest level in 12 years earlier this week , but they jumped the last two days .                                                       
He ' s learned from his lessons in all this - all this stuff he has to deal with right now .                                                     
The $ 1 million will include TV , radio and digital spots in all four early states , the group said .                                                     
If he gets enough reform , Cameron could argue for continued EU membership during a British referendum on the issue that could come as early as this summer .                                       
The relevant point here is that typically we wouldn ' t ever ask a man this same question when asking him about his career .                                               
As a result , the era that has arrived before us is one that ' s filled with great potential for the state and for this institution ," he said .                                   
Dallas had just 10 points in the first quarter - its low for any period this season - and shot just 36 percent for the game , compared to 56 percent for Miami .                             
And once the first step is completed , scientists will next have to determine whether the vaccine is safe or if it has a high burden of side effects .                                     
The dramatic crash of the country ' s stock market triggered a rough start to the year for markets across the world .                                                   
China announced the end of three decades of the one - child policy in October , encouraging all couples to have two children .                                                 
After the rape , the victim did not want to move and only told a handful of people about it .                                                       
The six passengers in the other taxi were three men aged 22 , 25 and 29 , and three women , aged 21 , 25 and 26 .                                         
We ' re a team and we ' re still a team and Blake ' s part of our team and he ' s going to remain part of our team and we have to support him and support everybody .               
With his land effectively gone and the case finished , there was no reason to stay in the refugee camp .                                                       
Each reason , if it had been the only reason , would not have been enough to stop us trying again , but all of them rolled into one is a different story .                             
It said : " There is little doubt that the closure of the previous work - study route has been one of the most damaging changes in UK immigration policy for the higher education sector .                           
If I ' d told her what I was really thinking , I ' m not sure I ' d be able to live with myself today .                                         
It was a dream come true for Sarah who wrote the book over nine months after giving up her part - time three - day role at a university .                                     
We are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have seen the girl walking or those who spoke to her .                                                     
We would like to send our thanks to all who submitted to our contest , as well as our wild talented judges for helping to make this collection one of the best yet .                             
With the new system - which has been in place for more than a year - sees buyers pay the rate of tax on part of the property price within each tax band , in a similar way to how income tax works .         
We have only three minutes on the screen , but for us it was a discovery of a whole world .                                                       
I have seen him pace a team that is 17 - 1 this season and going to the Super Bowl next week .                                                   
It would be one thing if he had as many three - point attempts as New Orleans big man Ryan Anderson , who is shooting 43 . 9 % overall .                                   
A former journalist with the Independent , she was marked out early on as a rising star after being elected in 1997 .                                                   
At the same time , figures from the Government ' s Health and Social Information Centre showed that between 2013 and 2015 more than 1 , 300 children were admitted to hospital with the ' primary diagnosis ' of obesity .               
I don ' t want to focus on just one player who might need a bit more strength to get back into shape .                                                 
UN - backed formal negotiations were scheduled to start in early January ... the road will be long and the outcome far from certain .                                               
She is said to be on a contract worth £ 2 million per series , having started on £ 1 . 3 million .                                                 
Right now , the Chinese government is watching how companies use " social credit " scores in state - approved pilot projects .                                                   
But we ' ve got to be careful we don ' t get carried away , as always , with the past .                                                   
Donald Trump asked the question whether the Republican Party wanted a candidate " who could be tied up in court for two years " trying to prove he was eligible .                                   
And Britain ' s first speed camera was installed in 1992 , but by 2012 there were over 3 , 000 at 2 , 300 fixed sites .                                         
It was just a massive mix up and I guess it ' s just part of some of the challenges you face .                                                   
" Speaking to him and looking at his body language , I think he ' s in a good place so hopefully what ' s happened this week won ' t affect his cricket too much ," White said .                 
' The officer and his wife took the time to look after the little girl and stay with her until emergency services arrived ,' he said .                                           
The stuff that makes you send it to your friends , usually it ' s because there ' s somebody that looks like they were having fun .                                         
We want to focus on quality teaching , getting our teachers to be looking at their own practice and to be effective at what they ' re doing .                                       
Simpson - Kent , 48 , spoke to police on December 16 , but had since disappeared and was deemed a " high - risk missing person ," The Guardian reported .                                 
He started his career playing in front of a single ancient stand and now runs out to state - of - the - art facilities .                                             
Italian politicians pay close attention to such events and have been known to change their positions on legislation , depending on how many people show up .                                           
In his statement to police , M . O . said : ' I didn ' t have the intention to kill him .                                                   
And parents who don ' t want to send their children to the local state school should have an opportunity to set up their own school , he argues .                                     
I ' ll hit way more balls than I did against Sam , so if I can win that one , I think that can help me for the rest of the tournament .                             
But we fully accept that MPs are perfectly capable of performing as MPs despite some of them drinking really quite heavily ,' she said .                                               
There are no plans for Brexit and that ' s really , really serious , because it ' s a very complicated operation to carry out , if it happens .                                   
More than 18 months later , it ' s entirely unclear where the facts have taken the Department of Justice .                                                       
But I think it ' s true of anything in life ; if you love it , you ' ll want to do it .                                               
However , we also rely on people engaging with the services offered and taking advantage of the assistance which we can give .                                                   
She said she has spoken to Miss Morgan - Davies about the nice side of her mother - the side she never got to see .                                             
Nine of the 10 matches between the two clubs have been played in front of sell - out crowds which prompted Football Federation Australia to explore the possibility of moving the games to the Olympic venue .                       
" We have to make sure we don ' t create an impossible environment for the new chief executive who will go into a job which they will be set to fail at ," he said .                       
He believes Britain should just walk away if it hasn ' t reached a deal by the end of two years .                                                     
The government has been put on notice that it is in breach of international law for allowing the export of British - made missiles and military equipment to Saudi Arabia that might have been used to kill civilians .                   
A strong third - place finish would give Rubio momentum headed into New Hampshire , a chance to take out Christie , Bush and Kasich .                                             
The club are now five points from the top four and 10 points from the summit of the table , so will those in charge at Manchester United make a change ?                                 
It can mean meeting face to face with them is difficult , because you ' re so used to talking to them online .                                                 
He always made sure I was OK and he always had a nice word to say and a wave for the kids .                                                   
I can understand why he and other people don ' t want to talk about [ their illness ] and they keep it private .                                               
The contract , which Mr Kelly said was worth " several million Australian dollars " took six full - time equivalent staff more than 18 months to complete .                                       
One in ten parents fear they will be unable to pay their rent or mortgage this month , despite the fact that many have already cut back on Christmas to help meet their housing costs , including reducing their spending on presents and food .       
But what started out as a bit of fun turned into a long battle with government agencies to recognise his ' signature ' as real .                                             
Well it was a difficult time to be so pretty , so I ' d say be careful not to attract the wrong men .                                               
Many were born in Sweden , others arrived as children - all of their families are from other countries - the Middle East , Africa or Eastern Europe .                                       
In December , Jones said New England offered him a contract worth less than 20 % of his $ 2 . 8 - million base salary for 2015 , a season in which he started only half of the team ' s 34 regular - season games . 
The apartment was put up for sale once before in 2012 but only received a moderate amount of attention at the time .                                                   
' It ' s hard to think of a time in my life before my son ,' she wrote alongside the image of him sitting behind the wheel of a car .                                 
Under the laws , in force since October , phone and internet companies must hold on to their customers ' communication data for two years .                                             
But , if the UK votes to remain inside the EU in the upcoming referendum , all new citizens will eventually be free to live , travel and study here .                                   
It ' s a bit of a ' wait and see ' but having golf in the Olympics ( in Rio 2016 ) will help ," he says .                                       
Two officers approached the car with their guns drawn , according to the documents , and ordered the man to show his hands and get out of the car .                                     
Angela Merkel is almost certain to face pressure to spend some of her aid budget on the refugees she has welcomed into Germany .                                                 
In addition , they also brought along their six - year - old son in order for him to meet his sister for the very first time .                                         
" I have to say , since the second child policy , our unit now has more than a dozen pregnant women ," says a female user .                                         
I have only managed to discuss this with my partner and when talking about it I broke down in tears .                                                       
When we have a lot of ball possession , you have a lot of ball possession to create chances and not to play the ball around and don ' t score .                                 
It ' s certainly going to give investors reason for comfort , perhaps not renewed confidence , that the U . S . is a bit of a different story despite the last few days of action out of China .               
It ' s a commercial business and if [ the ACT government puts in money ] it could be an option .                                                     
" There were many police officers at the place , and it was hard for them to do that ," he said .                                                   
We have reviewed the restaurant CCTV footage and engaged the local police following the threats made against our employees connected to the incident .                                                 
WA Police have declined to comment on whether the driver will face a charge over his front licence plate being covered up .                                                   
Later , he told the BBC : " There is always this question of what ' s best for me and for the country .                                                 
They are out of this season ' s Champions League and facing a struggle to get into next season ' s event .                                                   
In one recent case , a sentence for rape was increased from five and a half years to 12 years in prison .                                                   
These are the kids who are afraid to take risks because they don ' t feel that their parents will support them .                                                   
After 2004 , Jackson went 10 consecutive seasons without a winning season or playoff appearance with St . Louis or Atlanta .                                                     
Here , we reveal the ten players that you simply must look to include in your fantasy football team in the second half of the season to gain that all important advantage over your rivals .                         
It works OK in Port Lincoln but it ' s not who we are down here and we don ' t want to encourage it .                                             
Meanwhile , some others attending Trump ' s rally at the University of Iowa were eager to come to Trump ' s defense .                                                 
Clinton ' s use of a personal server for her official emails during her time as secretary of state is now being reviewed by the FBI .                                           
But I ' m not dead and I ' m not in prison so I have no right to say it ' s all over .                                             
Clinton has made taxes a point of contrast with both Vermont Sen . Bernie Sanders , her top Democratic opponent , and the host of Republicans running for president .                                     
But he warned that while a vaccine can take just 12 months to develop , the reality may be a wait of years .                                                 
But the horse hasn ' t won in Australia and his five seconds in 12 runs have all been by less than a length .                                               
A year later , he received a call from a woman in the village to say that her daughter had started school .                                                   
That ' s who everybody wants to know about , so let ' s try to do it better than most people .                                                   
Meanwhile , President Barack Obama has been forced to break his ill - considered promise to remove all American troops from Afghanistan by the end of the year .                                       
He wrote on Facebook : " The guy in the video ... seems to think that being gay is sick and wrong .                                                     
The league was always going to be the priority but we wanted a cup run and to get some momentum going .                                                     
" If the UK were to leave the EU it is very unclear which elements of existing European policy would continue to apply to the UK ," the authors write .                                   
You always look for a Premier League team at home and it will be a full house , but it is important to do ourselves justice in order to get some of those additional fans back for the league games .               
She did not want to discuss rape directly , saying only , " There was nothing that he wouldn ' t do .                                                     
Without some benefits in terms of either reduced crime or mass public shootings , it is hard to see how these rules pass any type of cost - benefit test .                                   
The prime minister told MPs on Wednesday that the industry was facing significant problems , and said his government was determined to help .                                                 
Kent police said that one person suffered a broken arm and five others sustained minor injuries , and three people were arrested .                                                   
While keeping details quiet for security reasons , he plans to shoot in northern Pakistan and Afghanistan later this year .                                                       
Even so , economic growth still isn ' t strong enough to quickly lower the unemployment rate , which is 9 percent .                                                   
In the time it took Lewis to research the book and Hollywood to turn it into a movie , an entire financial cycle has happened .                                             
A big part of Sam ' s development has been the work and the extra he ' s put in with Ryan .                                                   
The truth is , some people meet each other and fall in love straight away , but most have to work at it to get there and we wanted to get there .                               
The government says that it ' s not just nuclear power that has helped Sweden break the link between economic growth and carbon consumption .                                               
Fire experts this year said the beach was a no - go area - an opinion proved wrong , as the fire , when it did arrive , came from the north - east .                           
I would eat at my friends ' houses as much as I could , because there wasn ' t enough money to live on .                                               
An American worker in a low - pay state like Georgia , earning its minimum wage , would get at least twice that .                                                 
It ' s just an honor to be elected , and to have the highest percentage is definitely a shock .                                                       
It starts in 2004 , before the first album came out , and goes through my whole experience up to now .                                                     
" It hasn ' t taken [ away ] the quality of the home experience , it has added to it ," he said .                                               
Though our coverage will reflect our readers " top concerns - the cost of the NHS and mental health - we won ' t forget the patients and their experiences .                                   
" All nations , particularly those who seek a global leadership role , or have a global leadership role , have a responsibility to deal with this threat ," Mr Kerry said .                               
The Health Secretary urged the British Medical Association - the trade union for trade unions - to return to the negotiating table to discuss the terms of the new contract .                                   
Republican candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are battling it out in what appears to be a very close race .                                                       
Even some of the current show ' s six million fans have expressed concern that the series is too short at just six one - hour episodes .                                         
The building ' s former pride of joy , the grand ball room , where parties of hundreds of people were held .                                                   
In this kind of environment , it ' s not difficult to see why democracy was always going to be a struggle .                                                   
I could see how people would think she was leading Ben toward my sister but I don ' t think that was the case at all .                                           
I have accounts of the events by the people present and cannot see how it could have been prevented had either Mark or I been there .                                           
She had a son serving in Afghanistan whose life she feared for and had a mother at the time suffering from Alzheimer ' s who died in 2013 .                                       
She has said she did not send or receive information that was classified at the time via her personal email account .                                                     
You might think you don ' t have the time for exercise , but most people can find 10 minutes in their day .                                                 
I guess it is difficult for some people to understand if they have not been in the same , or even a similar , situation .                                             
The Coalition party room , this is when Mr Abbott was prime minister , made a decision that the matter would be put to the people , that the people would decide .                               
What about your savings : when did you last review them to ensure they ' re on track for whatever you ' re saving for ?                                             
She won a lot last year but she was far from her best and she ' s closer this year , for the moment .                                               
So the proper verdict on the Egyptian revolution , and on the counter - revolution that followed it , is that they are both still with us , and that the story is far from over .                       
Christie had faced multiple questions about staying on the campaign trail as a storm forecast to be record - breaking took aim for parts of his state .                                         
But less than 24 hours after walking free , he was able to get on a coach from London to Paris and headed to the ISIS war zone with his young family .                               
If I ' d seen this happen to another girl I don ' t know if I would have reported it , but if no one says anything this will never stop .                               
But pregnancy is often not a choice for women in the region , according to women ' s rights campaigners .                                                       
The battle begin in December when the 15 year - old refused to return to New York despite a Manhattan judge ' s court order .                                             
The measures were announced in December after a summer of dramatic market losses - used for the first time time on Monday and again on Thursday .                                           
He is considered a key supporter of Mr Abbott and has been critical of some of Mr Turnbull ' s national security decisions .                                                 
As for the cost , Mr Cameron - Smith , said taking a travel guide along for the trip could actually save people money .                                               
By 2020 , both men and women will have to wait until the age of 66 before they start to receive their state pension .                                               
' We really have no idea of what is in many of these things ,' he says of the other products .                                                     
It ' s hard to pick a favourite match out of them so I ' d have to say the whole series .                                                   
And despite the major snow storm headed for Washington , D . C ., an annual anti - abortion march will go on as scheduled on Friday .                                         
The report found that adults under the age of 30 experience the highest rates of digital eye strain , with 73 percent reporting symptoms .                                               
Others argue that his attitude is just another example of the types of problems faced by female sports reporters on a daily basis .                                                 
' He came into the office I was in and went crazy : " Don ' t ever come into a room I ' m having a meeting in .                                       
Earlier , his campaign said it raised $ 33 million over the last three months of 2015 , compared to $ 37 million for Hillary Clinton ' s campaign in the same time period .                           
' Now people say there are good Muslims in Britain , that may be so but I don ' t trust them .                                                   
One of Scotland ' s leading technology companies has reported a significant boost to its sales , as it targets expansion .                                                     
The game is different , there are aspects of the game that take a little bit longer to prepare for then maybe some of the other areas .                                         
The 26 . 6 inches of snow that fell in Central Park on Saturday is a one - day record for New York City .                                               
Ross describes how he would have loved to have read a book as he was leaving college 20 years ago that told him about the coming digital revolution .                                       
An hours - long gun battle in southern Afghanistan has left one elite US service member dead and two others injured , although the Pentagon insisted that its personnel were not involved in a " combat " mission .                   
First , there is the so - called " reach rule ," which limits audience reach for a television network to 75 per cent of the population .                                         
' It ' s become so packed that there ' s like a paper wall around it ,' she tells the patient .                                                   
As well some of the Asian markets have been in negative territory today , oil has pulled back overnight , and a lot of the energy and mining stocks are down .                                 
So you ' re telling me I can cross all the lines with seven characters , but the eighth I have to protect ?                                                 
We need to change English rugby and get back to what the rest of the world fears about English rugby and that ' s their forward play .                                         
It ' s 5 . 25 inches long , about the same as a smartphone , while it ' s 4 . 5 - inches tall and slightly more than 1 inch wide .                             
My teammates keep lifting me up , even when I start off missing the first two of the second half .                                                       
I need some space for them , my wife and our youngest child right now , and I wouldn ' t have it as leader .                                             
" This is a very important visit ," a senior Iranian official was quoted as saying by Reuters news agency .                                                       
I took somebody ' s advice and we tried to shut the van off a couple of types but it gets so cold so quickly and I don ' t want my kids to get sick or cold .                   
It ' s also an Olympic year so we ' re very ambitious and , hopefully , we ' d like to be able to put that in our schedule as well , though that remains to be seen .                 
My husband often says I have the TV too loud - I hope I ' m not doing long - term damage !                                                   
But I ' m telling you , if we come out of there strong , I believe we ' re going to have momentum that could take us all the way to the nomination .                           
The Conservative candidate to become the next Mayor of London has accused Labour ' s candidate of " playing the race card " during the political campaign .                                         
As ever , the safety and care of patients is our top priority and the NHS has robust plans in place to ensure those who need emergency treatment will continue to receive it .                             
The consumer blocking of advertising is a very significant opportunity , and it is a significant risk if you choose to ignore it .                                                 
" I do agree that it would be something that would be easy to do if you have players willing to accept those terms ," he said .                                         
That ' s short of the $ 400 million the St . Louis stadium task force promised league owners two months ago , the Rams said .                                           
He has said he ' d like to give politics a try one day , and he certainly sounds like a politician -- perhaps , potentially , a really , really good one , too .                         
The Chinese company did not respond to the BBC ' s request for comment , and had earlier declined to speak to Bloomberg .                                                 
" He hasn ' t really dropped the level at all , I think , in the last seven , eight years that I ' ve been playing against him on the top level ," Djokovic said .                     
" This room was different from any other gathering of Roberts ' pictures I ' ve ever seen before , and it just brings out the relationships with his family and this was part of the story ," she said .               
When an ambulance came around the corner , he quickly realised someone was in trouble and followed it up the street to help .                                                 
Right now , our primary focus will remain on providing both immediate and long - term solutions to this issue .                                                       
We didn ' t know anything about that side of the business : we were just guys who did physical theatre .                                                     
However , a baby born with an usually small head in Hawaii has triggered a national alert , while Los Angeles County public health officials issued their own warning last Friday after reports of several patients with Zika - symptoms .               
The proposed changes will lead to large increases in social security contributions , mostly affecting self - employed professionals and farmers , who say that they will end up paying more than three quarters of their income to pension funds and tax authorities .         
The refugees , who all fled the Syrian civil war and had been living in the camp for at least two months , will live with their relatives in the UK while their claims are considered .                       
At that point , I didn ' t even stop to think that it would have been nice to have shared it with a partner .                                             
A London council could become one of the first in England to announce its support for Britain leaving the European Union .                                                     
These Warriors look too good to go down but , at this time of year , everything is a struggle .                                                       
She can say things other people can ' t and get away with it , and she knows right where that line is .                                                 
( You ) should never have any sort of weapon , whether it be a gun , anything , around young children .                                                   
The results of a nationwide survey reveal that the animals are spreading across the country into areas where they have not been seen for 100 years .                                           
The new knowledge has mostly been used for good - but it could just as easily be turned on us .                                                       
I ' d guess the boom in super luxury cars tells us more about Australia ' s wealth situation in 2015 than anything else .                                               
The former secretary of state being hit on environmental issues is another example of her playing defense on the left against Sanders .                                                   
" I just think once you win one , you win two , next thing you know , you start paying attention to the things that got you to that point ," Williams said .                           
" It ' s a sad thing to see people put before the television and other media , before they have been even formally arrested ," he said .                                       
He ' s not in the team at the moment and there ' s always going to be speculation about good players .                                                   
The deaths mark the first of 2016 in the national park , but the third and fourth respectively since late November .                                                     
It emerged yesterday that the cat and at least one dog had been left in the care of a man while the family who own them went on holiday .                                     
Also , it would be interesting to readers to know that the light - rail system is free throughout the center of the downtown area .                                             
This tournament is over so quickly , there ' s a lot of external pressure on teams and coaches to get results and perform .                                               
" We do understand that there are people who are not happy with the outcome of this project ," he says .                                                     
A mum - of - two has lost nine stone and feels so good now about the way she looks she ' s become a successful sex writer .                                       
There ' s probably a part of me that says please don ' t pick me to be the Lions coach .                                                     
It ' s a good idea to get the entire family involved to come up with a few meals that you all like .                                                 
" I don ' t think I missed an opportunity ," she said , when asked if not reaching the final was a blow .                                               
On Thursday the European Union competition commission said it would examine a complaint from the Scottish National Party about Google ' s deal .                                                 
He was known to intelligence services in the UK since at least 2009 and had been on a list of potential terror suspects .                                                 
" Every one of us has a constitutional right to protest , to speak our minds ," Cruz told reporters in Iowa .                                                   
But we saw something else when we went to Forest - and this is where we think the movie of Donald ' s life would get interesting .                                         
And then also have multiple opportunities for them , and us to follow up and see how they are doing .                                                       
If convicted on the charge , he could be jailed as many as five years and be forced to pay as much as a $ 250 , 000 fine .                                     
He has previously said the foundation has donated an average of 50 cents on every dollar raised across the 12 - year life of the charity .                                           
The Scottish government says this reduction is the result of real - term cuts imposed on the Scottish budget by the UK government .                                                 
Since sweeping to power in October , the Law and Justice Party has moved to put public TV and radio under direct government control and to change the make - up of the constitutional court .                         
The government previously said it had heard " sufficient concerns " from experts about what was known about alcohol and its health risks .                                                 
He claimed that it was company directors " jobs to pay as little tax as possible within the law and that they should not be expected to do otherwise .                                     
He has a daughter of 15 and he really wanted to go on , but it was physically not possible .                                                       
The bill , approved by a voice vote , would require government agencies to make information available to the public online .                                                     
I wasn ' t interested when they said President Obama didn ' t live in the U . S . or wasn ' t a citizen or whatever ," the Ohio governor said .                             
You can ' t just say that we ' re so far away from where the disease is normally recognized that there ' s no possibility of ever seeing it where we live ," Park said .                       
' I wanted to make sure she ( client C ) was OK as it seemed like she needed help ,' she added .                                                 
The move is part of a series of Scottish government reforms to ensure cases are heard in the right courts .                                                       
And , even well into our 20s , it wasn ' t as if we had anyone else to spend our money on .                                                 
The U . S .- led coalition fighting the terrorist group claimed the militants have lost 30 percent of the territory they once held in Iraq and Syria .                                       
But in the years that followed , the word has spread across Europe about how easy it is to be accepted as a child migrant in Sweden .                                         
" There are roughly 15 routes in Australia alone that suit our business model perfectly ," Mr Robinson , 32 , from Melbourne , said .                                             
I ' ve had plenty of worse injuries than this one ," said Brady , who has had only one injury in his career that forced him to miss time - a season - ending knee injury in Week 1 of 2008 .           
" I actually named one of my dogs after him because he ' s someone that I loved growing up ," Murray told Channel 7 .                                             
They can cope with losing five or six million dollars per season if what they are getting , long - term , is significantly more valuable .                                           
In recent days , several top Republicans appear to be coming to terms with a potential Trump victory in Iowa over Cruz .                                                   
" You have to put it behind you , and it ' s a very , very , very hard thing to do ," he said .                                           
The report said the department did not conduct any home visits in the Ohio case and has performed visits in less than 5 % of cases overall from 2013 to 2015 .                                 
We ' re always eager to look at the next generation of players coming through , and the best way to do it is through these camps .                                         
If South Africa continue to struggle against England in the ongoing series then Australia will be within striking distance of the No . 1 Test ranking .                                           
It was hard to miss the reports , such as this one or this one , that pointed out the 0 . 7 percent loss in value for this benchmark index .                                 
There ' s also much uncertainty over what changes the policy , which is expected to affect 100 million couples , will bring .                                                 
I feel I could have played with Henry on those Brooklyn streets all those years ago even though I am a girl and would never have been considered anything according to Henry at the time .                         
Australians said economic and financial issues were the biggest problem facing the country in 2015 , for the third year in a row , according to a recent poll .                                     
" We think it ' s going to turn so we were going to go that way anyway ," Steve Smith said .                                                   
They played with 10 men behind the ball and that is the most difficult situation to overcome in football , it is easier to defend than it is to attack .                                   
Any properties not meeting local standards should be fined , and management transferred to organisations capable of looking after vulnerable people .                                                     
We enjoy a strong , historic relationship , based on common values and support for democracy , the rule of law , human rights and open markets .                                         
The refugee debate is a hot topic in Denmark with the country having taken in a record 20 , 000 last year .                                                   
It was his first Premier League goal since the final day of last season , meaning he ' s scored in back - to - back Premier League games .                                     
It took more than 20 years for police to find footage of the event which proved that the boy was there .                                                     
She told news . com . au the crew member who can be heard in the video was speaking to her family .                                                   
Since the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) extended its territory across Iraq in summer 2014 , maintenance teams have at times struggled to gain access to the site .                               
Since he was born he ' s always been there for me to touch my hand to tell me everything is going to be all right .                                           
The following Monday , nearly 200 employees from the Muslim community didn ' t show up to work for three consecutive days .                                                   
His Senate seat is also on the ballot this year , and some Republicans back home and in Washington have suggested that Paul invest more time and energy on that race .                                 
" The government must also look to revenue measures if it wants to effectively reduce the budget deficit ," it said .                                                     
Mrs Stewart and her two young children watched on in terror before police realised they were at the wrong house .                                                       
Other countries including Colombia have reportedly advised women to avoid getting pregnant until there is more information about the Zika virus .                                                     
If I ' m serving well and playing the right game style , I think I ' ve got a good chance .                                                   
The pain is bad but it ' s going to be worth it as every day I notice more things that have improved .                                                 
It ' s also why we ' re going to ensure that federal mental health records are submitted to the background check system , and remove barriers that prevent states from reporting relevant information .                           
The couple were arrested a few days later in Spain , where they were forced to spend several nights in prison away from their son before being released .                                       
Melbourne City will back the way they play and it will be two confident teams going at each other ," he said .                                                   
While most of those who made it to the two - week mark completed the entire trial , there was a 40 % drop - off rate .                                         
But should he lose , he may never be able to break through as GOP voters look elsewhere for an anti - Trump candidate .                                               
" Our region is third in the nation , behind only New York and Los Angeles , in providing 8 , 300 homes for people who were homeless ," the mayor said .                               
" I never really worried about what somebody else was doing , because it was out of my control ," he added .                                                   
Both were close but just probably haven ' t done enough work on the track and we want to take a fit team in every time we play .                                       
" I would never have believed it would come to this , not after everything that we had been through over all those years ," she said .                                         
It was crucial post the World Cup that we worked hard to continue to grow the game and I am pleased , with the steps we have taken , we are ready to do just that .                       
I think from then on out I ' ve been really focused that she ' s someone that I really , you know , and everyone , has to take very serious .                               
I continue to be a strong supporter of Jeremy Corbyn ' s leadership and want to contribute to his and the Labour party ' s success in the future .                                     
I don ' t think I will be able to do it forever but for the time being I am just trying to make the most of the quality time I get to spend with my children when they are so young .           
" The truth is , the most significant vote and issue , regarding foreign policy , that we have seen in this country in modern history was the vote on the war in Iraq ," he said .                     
As a result , most people believed they were voting for a limited common market , not an ever - growing federal union .                                                 
The review of the code is an event which happens once a parliament but this is the first time that the code and guide to the rules have been reviewed together .                                 
There have been signs of progress - United rose to fourth among U . S . airlines in on - time performance in the latest government figures .                                         
" Even if only a small percentage of those contracts were covered , it would have led to a minor rally ," he said .                                               
A solid majority , 62 percent , of the economists say that the Federal Reserve ' s interest rate increase announced Dec .                                                   
The Trump campaign will air the ad in the early - voting states of Iowa , New Hampshire , and South Carolina .                                                   
The singer ' s son said that he was ' very sorry and sad to say it ' s true ' after the news emerged this morning .                                         
After that , the social media giant ' s first sports product will cover most major events around the world .                                                       
How do so many people get it so wrong that you end up in prison for 40 years for something you didn ' t have anything to do with ?                                     
Instead of helping to solve the humanitarian crisis , it has led to even more people trying to flood into Europe .                                                     
The paper says video footage shows members of a radical group encouraged about 50 people to make the attempt to reach the UK .                                                 
No matter how many new things you try , it ' s still the same body you ' re having sex with all those years in - and your brain and body know it .                           
The attacks , mostly claimed by a local Islamic State affiliate , have dealt a serious blow to Egypt ' s vital tourism sector .                                               
They said they didn ' t want to change their plans because of the weather and that their first stop was the White House .                                               
Although national emissions are rising , Australia will still almost certainly achieve its 2020 emissions reduction target of 5 per cent from 2000 levels .                                               
The Home Office has taken control of fire and rescue policy in England ahead of planned closer working with the police , the government has said .                                           
Of those who had experienced violence , 77 % said they had been pushed , and around half were kicked or had an object thrown at them .                                         
He ' ll probably shoot another 15 ( under ), so I better get going tomorrow , the way he plays .                                                     
One of the things you ' re warned to expect as you get older is the feeling that you ' ve seen it all before .                                             
That means after selling my house for $ 1 . 4 million , I can now only afford to buy a house worth $ 1 . 3 million .                                       
" To all the doors that are open for me in the future , I ' ll never say never to any of them ," he said .                                         
Victoria came out on top , with residents able to score 55 days off from taking just 20 days of annual leave this year , Queensland were next at 51 days followed by NSW with 50 .                       
" I think that looking at the whole system , the environment in which the mom lives and addressing that is really quite important " in any part of the world , he added .                           
" John has brought a lot of structure , stability and confidence to us this year , unlike last year ," he said .                                                 
The German government said 31 suspects were briefly detained for questioning after the New Year ' s Eve trouble , among them 18 asylum - seekers .                                           
" But we really appreciate it when we see the players and management going the extra mile for us ," says Kate .                                                   
The model ' s Instagram page is filled with images of her husband , with several posted over the last few days , showing photographs of Bowie and the couple together .                                 
A Harvard study of 59 , 000 middle - aged and elderly women suggested that those who sleep for less than six hours a night were at a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes .                         
The Prime Minister had paid tribute to the millions of Jews and other targeted groups killed by the Nazi regime minutes before making his controversial aside while attacking Labour .                                     
He complained last week that his door made him a target , claiming that eggs had been thrown at it and that a man tried to force his way in with a knife .                             
And I won ' t make that decision about what ' s next , what we do in South Carolina , what we do in Nevada , what we do on March 1 until after we see the results here .               
Researchers interviewed 1 , 000 drivers across the country about who they thought was most likely to cause an accident on the roads .                                                 
And although 49 percent of Americans reported that they " would like to lose weight ," only 24 percent reported that they were " seriously trying to lose weight ," according to the poll .                           
There are the obvious ones , such as starting to win elections again , but also those that are more fundamental .                                                     
But the National Executive would decide whether that would be through a vote at Labour ' s annual conference or a ballot of all members .                                             
" Maybe it will happen but I repeat that it ' s important to add the right profile to the squad ," he said .                                               
It is good to have a dad who ' s played at the top level and hopefully I can do even better than him one day .                                           
" We have consistently made clear that we will not accept it as a nuclear state ," said a spokesman for the National Security Council .                                             
The world ' s largest social network brought in $ 5 . 84 billion in revenue in its fourth quarter , up 30 % from $ 3 . 85 billion the previous year .                             
I don ' t think we need to get up and do a dance about [ the result ], that ' s for sure , but it will give him belief he can beat anyone now .                       
Like most people , I have some charities that I support regularly , and I ' m always willing to make one - off donations to genuine causes .                                       
The key to Iowa for Republicans has long been appealing to religious conservatives who turn out to make their voices heard .                                                     
" I was enjoying this time so much , the best two weeks of my life , my career ," she said .                                                   
You don ' t know anything what I said to him , just because I was speaking loud , I ' m not sitting here talking about his mom or things like that .                             
No staff have been suspended and officials said they had not turned up any evidence that jail personnel played a role in the escape .                                               
Clinton ' s comment came on her one day of campaigning in New Hampshire this week , as much of her time has been spent focused on Iowa .                                       
When he was asked to leave at around 8 . 30pm , he pulled out the knife and then fled the scene .                                                   
I felt both of them push me down and when I tried to get back up I couldn ' t walk - I ' ll never be the same again after that .                               
A special meeting of the Scottish cabinet will be held later with talks focused on the oil and gas industry .                                                       
" We have radical Islamic terror going on all over the place , all over the world , and we have a president that won ' t say it ," the GOP front - runner said .                       
Yes , that ' s possible in the next five to 10 years , but a complete heart is still far away .                                                   
As for the President ' s executive actions on guns , announced last week , Ryan said they didn ' t amount to much .                                               
" It ' s almost like having six hands on a clock all moving at different rates , and when you happen to look up , they ' re all in exactly the same place ," Professor Brown says .                 
A spokesman for NHS England said : " The effects of alcohol put a huge strain on all parts of the health system .                                                   
She claimed that she found another woman in his bed and in the row that followed he pushed her to the floor , causing her to hit her head .                                     
The endorsement provides Clinton with yet another data point to contrast herself with Vermont Sen . Bernie Sanders on the issue of guns , something Clinton has been doing since the first Democratic debate in October .                       
In an interview on " Good Morning America ," he said the real problem is with the people who decide which movies get made and released .                                           
More facts like that need to be sought out instead of just trying to find someone or something to blame for it .                                                   
There would be dark times ahead - for a few days , it looked like I might lose my arm .                                                       
Mr Cameron ' s talks have come under greater pressure as the migrant crisis re - emerged in public view .                                                       
I really want them to have the same experience as me and be able to come here through a legal and safe way .                                                 
People may not have the same attitude and knowledge as you , and may be of a different religion , so your heart should be open , too .                                       
A substantial portion of the electorate will be forced to vote without the benefit of important information to which it is entitled about the performance of one of the candidates for U . S . President while serving as Secretary of State .           
Some people will just want to get home , but if you like travelling and saving money then its a great way to do it .                                             
First lady Michelle Obama waves to delegates at the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte , N . C ., Sept .                                                       
When society and its supporting structures repeat that a woman ' s voice is not heard or acted upon , it has an impact .                                               
Graham says : " I understand why people cannot stand these companies but often the people on the other end [ of the phone ] are not bad people .                                       
The hide - out was attacked days after the first interview took place so subsequent interviews were conducted via phone and video .                                                   
She didn ' t know where the bus would end up , and thought it was unlikely they would make it out of Syria .                                               
He said : " We have a phone call in our pocket all the time and it becomes sort of an extension of ourselves .                                                 
My job and my number one priority is to try and narrow that period down so we know exactly when this crime has taken place to give us a more direct focus on a particular time .                       
Unfortunately I ' ve never experienced the January transfer window that we ' re all used to seeing at the top level of the game , but stories like mine are more common than you would think .                     
I would like to get the word out to warn people that this is happening at our airport and to put a stop to this behaviour .                                           
The first , most dramatic phase of Russia ' s crisis may indeed be behind it , as Mr Putin claimed .                                                     
They have a big role in protecting the quarterback on pass plays , and if they aren ' t good at it , coaches won ' t risk an injury to the most important player on the field .                   
We will be back in touch with the families to see if there ' s anything we can do to help them .                                                   
So although it ' s a tragic event , it does give us a great chance to collect a range of material .                                                   
I love anywhere in nature , really , but I can ' t tell you exactly where , because people might go there .                                                 
I think it ' s a great country , there are a lot of great families , and it ' s not just four families or whatever .                                         
France has been living under a state of emergency since the November attacks and is now seeking to extend it until June .                                                   
Miss Green said : ' This Jonathan Martin told my mum Ryan had been with them the night before after meeting them earlier .                                                   
We ' re doing something now we couldn ' t do when we started , we couldn ' t do five years ago ," she said .                                           
' We can ' t change men who are violent , as they often have complex problems ,' she said , adding that if violent men can be removed from mass groups such attacks can be stopped .                     
At all times her decisions were " informed by trying to do the best for the kids ," she said .                                                       
He said : " You never know what might happen in the future , but if I were to return to England it would only be to play for Liverpool and never for another team .                           
The players are from all over the country , all parts of society and they are able to play together and win .                                                   
Swedish police are accused of a cover - up with the newspaper saying the police did not mention the attacks until it published details about them .                                           
The second key is the length of time you sleep , with about eight hours a night being a good amount for the average person .                                             
We also think that Cruz will have an easier time turning out the GOP base in primaries than Trump will have in re - engineering it .                                           
I was a teenager during this era , so the music is connected to a very important time in my life .                                                     
For the first time , more than 70 % of people diagnosed now live for at least a year and more than 50 % for five years .                                         
I don ' t ever want to see any of my competition hurt , because it ' s not what the game is about .                                               
The end came just as everyone ' s thoughts were turning to England ' s first triple hundred for 26 years .                                                     
There were no serious injuries reported although passengers had to be transferred onto another aircraft and were delayed by 15 hours .                                                     
They pleaded their cases on the campaign trail , telling voters that they want to focus on law and they were still the most conservative candidates on the ballot .                                     
I have no idea whether I ' ll write his story , but it ' s the kind of story that really interests me because you find out so much more about how a child sees the world that way .               
It ' s a pursuit that seems more like the plot of a science fiction movie than an actual goal of serious researchers around the world .                                           
He was running with the woman but stopped to talk to some kids along the route - then he saw police cars ahead and his friend on the street .                                     
We were always concerned that this would have been the first time in 32 years without a Democratic debate before the New Hampshire primary .                                               
Love for Life , a Christian charity , is the biggest external provider of sex education in Northern Ireland ' s schools .                                                   
" I just feel like I ' m not as nervous when I go to the court any more ," she said .                                                   
I think the person who ' s winning could definitely feel the pressure because there is a lot of expectations .                                                       
The building is located in the heart of Moscow , just a few hundred metres away from the Kremlin itself .                                                       
The poll shows Sanders and Clinton in a virtual tie in Iowa , with Sanders getting 47 percent to Clinton ' s 46 percent .                                               
For what happens in the transfer market , you have to wait in the next 48 hours and we will see if something happens or not .                                           
Asked on Thursday whether Cameron had ever discussed Google ' s tax affairs with the company , a No 10 spokesman said he was not aware if the subject had come up .                               
" If we look at it over a five year trend - it is actually 16 below where we would see it - on average - for that period ," he said .                               
Now the administration seeks to determine what more technology companies can do , the person familiar with the administration ' s plans said .                                                 
Many of us who have cars have felt some form of extreme anger at other drivers because we feel they have put us in harm ' s way .                                       
Lady Brady said almost 200 Premier League players would not be eligible to work without the freedom of movement guaranteed by the EU .                                                 
The White House no longer talks about " red lines ," but it seems more are being crossed every day .                                                       
" You can be very negative but we are in the next round [ of the Cup ], won two matches out of a very bad period ," he said , convinced that he is winning this argument .                   
But police have defended their actions - claiming it was ' safer ' for them to drive through the large area of surface water .                                               
It means you ' ll be charged £ 60 for the benefits the account offers , rather than the existing £ 24 .                                                   
The iconic singer , whose new album came out just last week , died from cancer aged 69 after battling cancer in secret for 18 months .                                           
We ' re actually on tape this morning , so we ' re not here , we ' re spending time with our families and hope you ' re doing the same this morning .                           
She has proven that she ' s ready for the next step , so I ' m excited and proud for her with this opportunity ," Ryan said of Smith .                                   
" We are concerned for the woman ' s welfare and have been in touch with the family to offer our full assistance ," he said .                                           
Until late last year , the US - led coalition publicly maintained that it could not confirm having killed or injured any civilians at all .                                             
There ' s a clear consensus that Cruz is eligible , there ' s no reason for the courts to get involved .                                                   
No play is scheduled to take place on the outside courts before 3 : 30pm , with a review to be done at 2 : 30pm .                                           
There remains some uncertainty over the exact track and intensity of the storm , so people are urged to keep up to date with the latest UK forecast so that they can prepare for the weather .                       
One thing we can ' t afford to do is put our head in the sand and wish it weren ' t so .                                                 
He said : " The right thing is that our justice minister will form a committee and take care of this matter .                                                     
Around the time IS made this decision , the Washington Institute published a remarkable opinion poll of people living under IS in Mosul .                                                 
If you measure [ a star ' s ] apparent motion across the sky and you know the distance you can turn that into a real speed - how many kilometres a second that star is moving .                     
Every time I look back at it I say could have , should have , would have and in the moment I was just so angry , I wasn ' t really thinking and if I could take it back , I would .         
" We don ' t know whether these names are right , whether these people exist , and where they are if they do ," he told reporters .                                       
But in this situation , I don ' t have anything to lose because I ' m just here - every tournament for me is just a bonus at this point in my career .                           
He referred to Russian President Vladimir Putin as a " one - horse country " and seemed surprised when he was asked about immigration .                                               
26 , the company recorded $ 75 . 9 billion in revenue , up 2 % from $ 74 . 6 billion in the same quarter last year .                                       
At the end of July 2014 , her husband left for Yemen to go to his sister ' s daughter ' s wedding , with members of the family flying in from America .                             
We need to get back to what the rest of the world fears about English rugby and that ' s their forward play .                                                 
( C . S . Lewis ) Well Craig Michael , look at what amazing things God intended for your life .                                                     
He ' s had a really solid pre - season where he has been able to do all the running and ball work again .                                               
Her family are trying to raise a further £ 10 , 000 to fund private sessions over the next few years .                                                     
It was good to have our guys on the field last week , that was a big part of us getting better and making some improvements , and we ' re going to need to do it again this week .               
" I think the more important question for Mr Turnbull is what action is he taking as the leader of the party and the Prime Minister to find out who received this photo and who provided it to the media ," she said on Tuesday morning .   
We let them back into it , but it was good that we scored late and didn ' t let that happen to us again .                                             
Her class was there for all to see on the international stage , helping Australia charge to the quarter - finals at last year ' s women ' s World Cup in Canada .                             
He chose to stay in the TV studio and watch his former team Liverpool play despite knowing his wife had just given birth to their seventh child .                                         
The shocking photo was immediately a hit online , and since being posted on Sunday , it has been viewed over 2 . 7 million times .                                           
He was issued with notice to appear for driving without due care and attention and driving over the middle alcohol limit .                                                     
Meanwhile , the ACT government has heavily promoted the use of swimming spots and walking tracks around Canberra in the lead up to the summer holidays .                                           
I wasn ' t that afraid of dying , but I didn ' t want to be a burden on my family .                                                   
People who have read the books know what I ' m talking about , and it ' s a moment that I ' m really excited to do .                                       
The results were revealed in data issued by 43 police forces in response to a Freedom of Information request , according to a report by Sun reporter Tom Wells .                                     
United are without a win in their last eight in total , a run of form that has seen them slip to sixth in the Premier League , nine points behind leaders Arsenal , crash out of the Champions League and score just five goals .     
" There ' s an increasing market for people who want to use travel as a means of understanding ... the world ," he said .                                             
" It really helps me feel less nervous about getting a job ," said Campbell , who plans to study early childhood education .                                                 
But the impact of this storm will remain for many families - with at least 19 people reported dead in several states .                                                   
If you don ' t have a map for your life , how will you get where you want to go ?                                                     
At the time , he said he didn ' t know what the warrant charged him with , but he believed agents would try to arrest him soon .                                       
The difference for me is I have made the shift to this is the way I ' m going to live for the rest of my life .                                         
Murray , in contrast , has lost 12 of his last 13 matches against players ranked No 1 in the world .                                                     
The council said it needed to develop a " more sustainable and affordable " housing solution for those over 60 .                                                       
But young people [ in the native community ] say they don ' t see themselves represented on screen , so when I talk to them about becoming lawyers or getting a college education , they can ' t imagine themselves in that mainstream .       
Some spend less time there so the fees are smaller ; others need even more intense care and so cost more .                                                     
In terms of pay , across the country , wages were 5 per cent lower in real terms in 2014 than they were in 2010 , the report concluded .                                     
" You don ' t have to have any degree to see that global warming is something that ' s happening to the landscape ," she said .                                         
I mean , straight up , it couldn ' t have been more perfect for the story of my life .                                                       
But we weren ' t far enough out to be safe , nor close enough to the shore to make it back before the wave would hit the land .                                     
" We received information from people about his activity , we investigated the information and we followed him last night ," she said .                                                 
It meant they could live life as an ordinary family , which is how she was brought up in Kent .                                                       
" I do feel suspicious of when a fire breaks out on New Year ' s Eve ," he said .                                                       
" Terry always talked about his Irish roots , he loved anything to do with an Irish story and he loved Irish music ," she said .                                           
I have to take on the line a bit more and direct the boys around at the same time as well .                                                     
" I believe we can all co - operate for our country and people , whether it is outside or inside the parliament ," the pro - democracy leader said in her address to parliament .                         
" It came down to politics -- the worry that that vocal minority of gun owners would come after them in future elections ," said Obama .                                           
We shouldn ' t have to wait for a possible western - Russian alliance in , say , Syria to speak out .                                                   
In October and November , about 12 , 000 people , usually coming in family units , were arrested at the border .                                                   
' One can never really know , but perhaps the black actors did not deserve to make the final list ,' she added .                                                 
" I ' m allowed to feel comfortable now and I feel as if I ' ve given myself room to just be me ," he adds .                                         
Nine others were hurt in Tuesday ' s accident , seven with minor injuries and two with potentially serious problems .                                                       
It ' s a resolution that hundreds of thousands will make this month and January 2016 is expected to see the highest ever number of sign - ups to dating apps .                                 
It surely puts some perspective in your life on what ' s important and what ' s not , that ' s for sure .                                               
We were such a popular act when we first started in 2008 and we had great success , so it was just a matter of time before we got the band back together .                             
A few guys are looking to step up this year and make their mark on the team , and lead around the park ," Carter said .                                           
That ' s my No . 1 priority , just learning and improving as much as possible to play at the highest level .                                                 
Well , I am not expecting we can stop everybody , but I think stopping some or a lot is a pretty big deal .                                               
John Kasich and I served together in the United States Senate - he ' s been a very successful governor .                                                       
President Obama will deliver his final State of the Union address Tuesday at 9 p . m . and is expected to focus on the future , with the 2016 presidential election at stake later this year .                     
' I have packed a water bottle , my sister suggested to bring something to make water easier to drink during labour ,' she explains .                                             
" Following marriage , people report fewer symptoms of depression and are less likely to think about suicide ," the report said .                                                   
At least 60 people were injured and one person suffered a heart attack as they rushed to escape the tower on New Year ' s Eve .                                           
" It ' s something we have spoken about three times [ before ] and it ' s not good ," said the Liverpool manager .                                             
Every time I hold my own in the ring , I challenge someone ' s expectations a little bit , and I ' m proud of myself for that .                                     
Now the migrants are just a short walk from all our houses , and can come into the centre of town when they want .                                               
Among people who identify with Democrats , almost two - thirds say Trump would be a " terrible " president .                                                       
Mr Andrews said if the law was passed , a bill would be introduced in the next assembly to remove the applications of its regulations in Wales .                                         
It has a dark history and I don ' t think that ' s representative of our school ," she said .                                                     
The lowest - ranked department may not be much of a surprise to taxpayers : Treasury , which received a score of just 55 points , or 20 points below the Department of the Interior .                         
' Some of the signs have been knocked down and we ' ve been speaking to the council for years asking them to do something about it but nothing seems to change .                               
For too long in this debate about gun violence , responsible gun owners ' voices haven ' t truly been heard .                                                     
The 62 - year - old ' s entry video saw him " joke " about sharing a house with a gay person , must to the shock of many .                                   
We ' ve been playing some good games but not full 90 minute performances , and that ' s what we really need to work towards . Last year we had a lot of 90 minute performances which led us to win the final and the league . 
During his State of the Union address on Tuesday we will likely hear about an ambitious agenda for the coming year .                                                     
He can be a veteran scoring presence off the bench and has two more years with a cap - friendly $ 14 million on his contract .                                           
Her father agreed , but said that while he is also excited for Clinton , he hopes to see more passion from her , especially on Wall Street .                                       
What I was unable to cope with was the new and the unknown ; but what I had read before , perhaps on several occasions , had the same effect as ever .                               
You won ' t find many of them growing up into the kind of adult happy to lie in bed all day , claiming benefits , while the rest of the world goes out to earn an honest living .                 
It is funny how you always have winners around horse sales and I would take another one next week if he can do it .                                               
The company says it is at a very different stage to a company like Google , given it is still making heavy losses overall .                                               
If she ' s found guilty , her penalty would ultimately be up to a judge , but would likely require paying a fine , a spokesperson from the prosecutor ' s office said .                           
The study also reveals that some British aid to Syria has been stolen by armed groups operating in the country .                                                       
" There ' s not a major commitment to make sure dollars go to fix this quickly ," the senator told CNN ' s " New Day " on Wednesday .                                   
And she believes the relationship works because they both understand football taking up so much of each other ' s time .                                                     
A spokesperson for the school has said it has no comment and will not be releasing a statement at this time .                                                     
A kind of argument is going on , one that seems to have picked up right where it was last left .                                                     
Her bail , which was set in Texas , is set at $ 1 million and must be paid in that state .                                                   
You ' re still going to get nervous but whatever you ' ve done getting to this point has been good .                                                     
The company has sold $ 1 million worth of loans so far at an average return on the investment so far of about 7 . 2 per cent .                                       
" We did get a couple of calls - on December 7 , 2014 , and then again on February 26 , 2015 ," he says .                                           
" At this stage we are just concerned about getting this fire out and then we will investigate the cause of the fire ," he said .                                           
After that , it may be too late for doctors to prevent the stroke from causing more damage - including death .                                                     
She said she would be speaking to doctors over the coming months to ask them what they think about these issues .                                                     
This is perhaps because a significant number of countries have committed time and resources to negotiating trade agreements with the EU , of which Britain is such an important part .                                   
Police are looking for a fourth suspect who is thought to be the man ' s 15 - year - old brother .                                                   
He kept asking me why my eyes were rolling in the back of my head and I said it was because I was in so much pain .                                         
I wasn ' t perfect today - far from it - and I didn ' t expect to be before I went on the court .                                             
I support the strike 100 per cent because I want there to be an NHS in the future - and if this contract goes ahead , it will be under threat .                                 
The paper ' s endorsement of the front - running Clinton was not a surprise , considering in part that she is a former New York senator and has her campaign headquarters in Brooklyn .                           
The latest federal jobs report showed their average weekly earnings have risen 2 . 7 percent annually since 2009 -- much faster than the national average for non - management employees .                                 
This week it was reported that teenagers who use e - cigarettes are more likely to take up smoking a year later .                                                   
Then I ' d say it was a loan , but it never got paid back because you ' d start a fight and I ' d say the money didn ' t matter .                           
By the end of next season , each one will have a greater media revenue than Real Madrid or Barcelona .                                                       
Those kids should be able to go to school and learn without having that noise around them or targeted at them .                                                     
Earlier this year , when John ' s application for asylum status in the UK was finally granted , he hoped it would mark the beginning of a new life .                                   
It wasn ' t until the next day they saw a dead baby boy on the blue roof of the bike shed outside their apartment .                                             
There are some in the camp who are refugees , but there are also some who are like me and want to come to England because their family live in England already .                               
While the murder rate in England and Wales has risen , it remains significantly lower than it was a decade ago because of 10 years of previous falls .                                       
More than 200 , 000 women are diagnosed with breast cancer each year , and about 40 , 000 die from it .                                                   
It ' s not just manufacturers which have a responsibility to cut down on e - waste - it ' s something we ' re responsible for too .                                       
The researchers explain that the more accurate system can help health care provides monitor their patients , to see if they are following advice to become more active .                                       
There are currently 47 , 500 refugees in the Netherlands , nearly twice as many as at the end of 2014 and three times the number in the previous year .                                   
People seeking asylum are not allowed to work and are only entitled to a £ 36 . 95 weekly payment card from the government .                                               
On Sunday , an Israeli mother of six was stabbed to death at her home in a West Bank settlement and a 15 - year - old Palestinian was arrested for the attack .                             
She asked her son to do some research to see if Thomas was still alive and willing to talk after more than half a century .                                             
Two of Canberra ' s best female players have also moved abroad to start college careers in the United States .                                                       
That ' s good enough for his campaign , which is hoping to spin a strong third - place finish in Iowa into momentum as the anti - Donald Trump , anti - Cruz choice in later states .                   
A small West Coast population of the animals was deemed eligible for protection in 2004 , although the government said other species had priority .                                               
I don ' t know all of the girls from the other teams - and I put my hand up for that - but she ' s always helping .                                     
US Secretary of State John Kerry urged China , the North ' s only major ally and its biggest aid provider , to end " business as usual " with North Korea .                               
If a flat rate of tax relief above 20 per cent is introduced , this will benefit basic rate taxpayers .                                                       
I had only one challenge -- from a football player who backed down before I had to request him to leave the room .                                                 
" We ' re going to have the meeting and ( the talks ) are going to start ," Kerry told reporters .                                                   
To be on the safe side , the U . S . keeps its missile defense system , which officials say is capable of shooting down a small number of North Korean missiles , on constant alert .                     
In what may be the first stage show written about a leader of the opposition , a Jeremy Corbyn musical is coming to a London theatre .                                           
And he told me he had so much fun - until he made the mistake the next day of looking at what people had to say .                                           
" The factors affecting the ability of businesses to pass through higher prices to consumers were viewed as complex and hard to monitor in real time ," the Fed minutes acknowledged .                                 
In May 2013 , he failed a background check for an engineering job at a nuclear power plant in Ohio .                                                       
And even if they could , they cannot afford the hour and a half it takes out of their day .                                                       
Three cases of the Zika virus have been confirmed in Florida , and two pregnant women tested positive in Illinois .                                                       
Five officers shot and killed him after he appeared to raise an 8 - inch knife and approach an officer , according to police .                                               
I notice that when I get plenty of it , I no longer mind so much the times when I get a little less than I need .                                         
If you are worried about that in the back of your mind , then you ' re not doing your job well enough .                                                 
" It ' s a make or miss league and tonight we couldn ' t make any shots ," James said .                                                     
The team looked into the influence of marriage on weight loss after surgery - as well as the effects of surgery on the quality of a relationship .                                         
It ' s just not like that ," she said , speaking on the train back to Oxford after conducting interviews throughout the day .                                               
There ' s been a traditional view in certain quarters that writing for children or teenagers is easier than writing for adults .                                                   
But the question is , do we ? do we act or do we fear for our own lives ? and he did not .                                               
Any reason to get together with friends , eat good food , have a good time and watch a game is fun , whether you win or lose .                                       
And I feel if I don ' t stand up and do what I feel is right , and voice their concerns , what I ' ve heard , and how I feel , then I ' m leaving them behind .             
It says the incident happened on 17 May that year , but caused no injuries and did not pose any risk to public safety .                                               
Some laws have clearly been broken here , and some people are going to have to pay the consequences for that .                                                     
If fewer people were expected to risk their lives in the Mediterranean during the winter months it doesn ' t seem to have turned out that way .                                         
The whole sky was red , the second night was the worst as there were fires on all sides except the north .                                                   
The Pentagon in particular is seeking more contributions from allies of troops for training of Iraqi army and police forces .                                                       
It has accused the State Government of failing to deliver on a " basic target " that no mental health patients would wait more than 24 hours for a bed from January 1 this year .                         
So we expect to be having presents continue to rain down throughout most of this year , probably into October or November .                                                   
But it may come as a surprise to hear that the best - known example is from heavy metal fans .                                                       
I ' ll still sit at the back of the plane , but I might not spend 12 hours in Singapore or something like that .                                             
I needed to get my confidence back ( after last season ) but I ' m happy with the squad we ' ve got , it ' s a young team and it will take time for us to get better .             
All eyes will be on Kennedy , the Ronald Reagan nominee who is often the deciding vote in tight cases .                                                       
A witness on the scene said a group of ten , believed to be family , was swimming when seven of them started to struggle .                                             
' I ' m a girl and I like to wear make - up and that ' s not going to be happening for a long time .                                         
United , who are fifth in the league and five points off the Champions League places , have taken 37 points from their first 23 games - their lowest total in the Premier League era .                         
" The burning of the houses was carried out deliberately and although the crowd was present all the time , no one could be found who would say he saw the houses fired ," a Sun report said , describing the scene .           
But before you do , see if the carrier you want to switch to offers to pay out the rest of your debt .                                                 
" There were no drugs in the home at all because I don ' t smoke and my friends didn ' t bring anything because it was my party ," the London - born student said .                       
He added that for the past 10 years he had offered support to homeless people he had seen on the street while walking through Manchester .                                             
" It was a big part of the town ," he said of the pub , which is more than a century old .                                                 
Perhaps not , but I want to cover as much of the menu as possible in case I can ' t get back for a while .                                           
So when she sat down with Clinton , she specifically addressed the need to address the mental health issues in the state .                                                   
Saudi Arabia cut ties with Iran , the Kingdom ' s foreign minister announced on Sunday , deciding " enough is enough " with the Islamic Republic , according to a source with knowledge of the Saudi government ' s thinking .             
The word had been in a draft of the speech handed out before Rose spoke , but he then decided not to use it .                                               
That figure was roughly in line with forecasts but hardly encouraging for an economic recovery well into its sixth year .                                                       
" I was on my way to the airport to leave and had to turn back ," he said , because he was so weak .                                             
His mother , also called Mary , had died the previous year , aged 95 , having suffered Alzheimer ' s for five years .                                               
" We can go back and figure out what data points Watson connected " to reach its answer , he says .                                                     
Following the 2009 expenses scandal , MPs who need a second home in London are banned from being able to make mortgage claims on the properties .                                           
I don ' t -- look , Michael , the guy -- the guy that missed the field goal , would have lost a super bowl .                                           
I was able to sit behind stage at the Theatre Royal , and hear Harry tell me the story he had been unable to tell for nearly 60 years .                                     
They had been expected to appear at a community meeting Tuesday night in the city of John Day , but never arrived .                                                   
He had already been turned away from No 65 once but returned after being also refused entry to the Club Union .                                                     
A Home Office spokesman told The Independent : ' When a relationship between a British citizen and a person with leave as a partner ends it should be reported to the Home Office .                               
" Hillary Clinton put some of the highest , most sensitive intelligence information on her private server because maybe she thinks she ' s above the law ," Florida Sen . Marco Rubio said at a town hall event in Clinton , Iowa .         
Speaking to The Independent he said " I left Saudi at two and went to live in Jordan with my mum ' s parents until I was four .                                       
His successor , Simon Birmingham , told Fairfax Media recently the government will seek to negotiate new funding agreements with the states from 2018 .                                               
We drop the students in the deep end and go , ' All right , you have to come up with your own project .                                                 
I ' d quite like an electric car , given what I know about them now and how cheap they are to run .                                                 
Maybe that ' s the state of mind I was in - I was drinking far too much , I was not thinking about myself and my life and other people ' s .                             
We ' re in an economy based on the Internet where the vital asset is the data from consumers ," he said .                                                   
After following up after six and 12 months , the researchers found that just over 60 percent of the participants experienced falls during the one - year period .                                       
That simply isn ' t the case for those of other races in the US , no matter how wealthy , smart or hard - working they are .                                       
He doesn ' t pay it into an account because , he says , " I don ' t think they ' re there yet .                                               
A police station has been evacuated after reports that a bomb from World War One has been brought to the building .                                                     
It happened more than once per week and continued until November 2011 , so over a period of two years when she was 16 and 17 .                                           
And Sen . Cruz reached out to me a number of times and I spent a lot of time with him ," Perry said .                                               
At the time I thought she was 15 and everything was fine because that is what my son told me .                                                       
I ' ve been wanting to cross off that first Test hundred and to do it at my favourite ground was extra special .                                                 
In its defence , Human Services told the Senate committee that a large number of emergency calls in 2014 - 15 had made its work more difficult that year .                                     
Even if a voter said they were voting for Clinton , they didn ' t waste valuable time trying to change minds .                                                   
And the question is , are we moving towards the goal of all of our students having access to a quality education ?                                                   
" It ' s sometimes difficult because you speak to people that are not supposed to read you ," he says .                                                     
But while Ryan still makes it home at the end of every day , he admitted that like most young professionals he finds it hard to achieve the right work - life balance .                             
A police investigation into an alleged sexual assault by a Chelsea and Brazil forward in Canada has been stopped after the charges were dropped .                                               
I think it will benefit them incredibly - the question of music education in our social and musical structure ... it ' s a touchdown .                                             
This incident has once again showed that as a nation we should act as one heart , one body in the fight against terror .                                               
" I ' ve tried to fix a problem that ' s a very serious issue in Texas and in Florida , and it ' s a hard issue ," Rubio said .                               
But increasingly studies suggest that it may also be linked to type 2 diabetes , no matter how healthy your lifestyle .                                                     
It today is regarded as the most powerful land - use agency in the nation and a model for other states trying to preserve natural beauty .                                           
' It ' s too early to say whether or not there ' s anything missing from the house but I ' m quite happy that there ' s no signs of forced entry to the house ,' he said .               
Her support worked for the love of her life that she ' s been dating for more than a year .                                                       
" I hope you ' re going to be calling me in the White House and you will always get through ," Trump said on Fox News on Thursday night , surrounded by his family at his Florida estate .                 
North Korean nuclear scientists have access to their counterparts in Pakistan , possibly Iran and maybe a few other places .                                                       
All non - emergency personnel were asked to stay away from the area , and traffic backed up around the facility during the morning rush hour .                                           
This was his second season playing at the elite level with the National League and he had a promising career ahead of him ," the statement said .                                         
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders will pledge to break up the country ' s largest financial institutions within the first year of his administration should he win the White House next November .                               
It ' s a great victory for Australia , to finally be able to say that it has taken action against one of the many accused war criminals who have found shelter in this country .                         
He said : ' We continue to work with a number of agencies to prepare for further bad weather in addition to supporting the recovery from Storm Frank .                                         
Clinton waves to the crowd as she arrives on the stage at the Democratic National Convention on August 14 , 2000 , in Los Angeles .                                             
Democratic presidential front - runner Hillary Clinton , meanwhile , vowed in New Hampshire on Tuesday that she will " take on that fight " and continue Obama ' s gun control push if she ' s elected .                   
It is understood her report , commissioned by the coalition government , highlights that lives could be saved by better enforcement of existing laws rather than new legislation .                                       
" Is America ready for a Lady President ?" was our working title until Hillary ' s emails showed up .                                                       
I didn ' t have it in me , I didn ' t have that drive to pursue it as hard as everybody was back then .                                           
" I think that was a result of me not being that experienced with the way that the media worked ," says Miller .                                                 
It was only after her birth that doctors mentioned a possible link between her condition and the Zika virus , a disease first registered in north - east Brazil in May 2015 .                               
Democrats in both Washington and Kentucky have wanted to take advantage of Paul ' s struggles in the GOP presidential contest to try to knock him out of his Senate seat .                                 
Four boys , all aged 13 , were targeted by two men as they walked to school on July 8 last year .                                                   
" The consequences for the companies involved could be major , and the recovery extremely complex ," he was quoted by the Associated Press as saying .                                           
Well - placed sources say his plans are " well advanced " and he has no immediate interest in moving abroad .                                                     
The man convinced the court his mother lives in the next building and was making a phone call - not taking photographs .                                                   
It does this all day long based on what you encounter and how you treat your body to either support its natural balance or challenge it .                                           
That might take some weeks , maybe even some months , so it ' s hard to think he will play at his best level straight away .                                         
For 55 years it has been an honor to walk that road to one of the greatest entertainment centers in the world , a place that has brought so much joy to all of us .                         
So if the next week they don ' t understand a concept , they can go re - watch the video .                                                     
In this setting , there is no one around to project onto you the kind of person other people that " know you " expect you to be .                                       
You watch , I predicted a lot of things , you have to say , including , get the oil , take the oil , keep the oil .                                       
It ' s hard for me to understand when you ' re back in position with one hole to go , why is it even a factor , but there shouldn ' t be any special treatment .                     
The report warned of a " global economic crisis " and said that a " new , robust approach " was needed to attract new resources for research .                                       
There is no doubt that those people expect teachers to be on call or do a lot of work that probably could be done at home .                                           
I ' m looking forward to eating a lot of things -- like I have to eat stuff that ' s really soft .                                                 
2015 was a record year for car sales in the US , and 2016 is expected to be just as strong .                                                     
To those who have come as refugees from the world ' s trouble spots , parts of this story will be too familiar .                                                 
That ' s something we don ' t like to see because that can point to other economic and social issues .                                                     
But the research found that 57 per cent of hospitals carried it out round - the - clock , seven days a week , meaning many patients were waiting far longer .                                 
" Every other park around there was taken , why else do you go and park somewhere you ' re not supposed to ?" he said .                                           
That will mean that it could be unlikely that anyone will notice the feature , since it will move with the light coming from the sun .                                           
These teachers are the ones that want you to know what an amazing teacher they are and frequently post about what a difference they are making .                                           
The figure represents the Disney film studio ' s biggest opening day ever in China and the highest Saturday opening day in the country in industry history , the company said on Saturday .                             
Most experts say he is eligible to hold the office , but it has never been decided by the Supreme Court .                                                     
I think mistakes were made in the way the switch was made to the Flint River to use that as a source of water and to keep the water clean .                                   
France deployed 60 , 000 troops nationwide and London cancelled all leave for armed personnel and deployed them on our streets .                                                     
She also said that Cruz had sought to tie the growth of legal immigration to border security , saying that enforcement always came first in his mind .                                         
He feels he has a lot to prove and I can ' t wait to see him do that in a Newcastle shirt .                                                 
The debate marked a particular opportunity for Paul - who did not qualify for the recent Fox Business Network debate but returned to the prime - time stage Thursday after making the cut this time .                         
Because he has been by himself , and the injuries weren ' t treated when they happened , we are a bit worried about infection .                                             
I don ' t know how high up the list this person was - I suspect not very near the top .                                                     
And even if they do manage to identify suspect computers and block them , there ' s thousands of others all over the world available to carry on the attack .                                   
So I was working in a restaurant , getting up to go to class and working full - time which was almost impossible .                                                 
This sort of game can always happen with a team from League One but we fight and in the end we got the penalty , we scored it , we won and we are happy with the result .                   
Just consider a New York Times article from July 1990 , which cited a recent poll asking about potential threats to the United States .                                               
A 16 - year - old boy has been stabbed to death in an east London park , the first murder of a teenager in the capital this year .                                     
The group said it was not referring to a campus event but to what it believes is anti - black sentiment held by police .                                               
Some social media posts claim the photo was taken in Iraq , however , it ' s unclear when and where the original photo was taken .                                           
' When I ' m driving it ' s a health and safety rule to look behind me as well , that ' s how I spotted them .                                       
In a victim impact statement read to the court , the teenager said she no longer felt confident to go out of the house and her education had suffered .                                     
Asked what made him decide to stop the alleged relationship , he said : " Because it was wrong , because I ' m 15 .                                               
But there ' s probably three or four children in each class [ making about 60 in the school ] who I think need some kind of support because of their mental health issues .                           
One senior BBC news executive told The Independent : " The point is do you need a rolling news channel on television ?                                                     
But by and large over the last seven years , on major issue after major issue , I have stood by his side .                                                 
Her commitment was to the art - and if the art came under question , she ' d never let that stand .                                                   
I was struck that many of the same old methods and arguments are still used today by those in power to hold people down .                                               
1 - ranked Djokovic recalled when a member of his support team was approached with an offer to throw a match in Russia in 2007 .                                             
" When she did come to work , she was always happy , and she had her little corner ," he explained .                                                   
He was born outside of the United States , but he was born on a military base to two people that were in the military .                                             
I don ' t think you can be as effective as you can be as a player if things aren ' t right off the field and he ' s a good example of that .                         
" The documents have actually been prepared , and they ' ll be available very soon ," he said by phone Sunday night from Los Angeles .                                           
All the leading presidential candidates , including Hillary Clinton , recently refused to respond to the New York Times ' s questions about constitutional limits on the president ' s war powers .                               
Another question is whether Syrian Kurdish groups that have seized territory in northern Syria will be represented at the talks .                                                       
It made $ 2 million loss in 2012 , a $ 4 million loss in 2013 , and a $ 7 . 5 million loss in 2014 , according to reports .                                 
I have no doubt he feels good about being in the current team because he and David Warner played against each other when they were about 10 .                                         
And if you think that you can do it just on your quality , which is given by nature , then this league is killing you .                                           
You wouldn ' t know it from the presidential campaign , but the US is preparing to start military action in Libya ... again .                                               
With three kids , a round - the - clock job , ongoing book projects , how do you fit it all in ?                                                 
Although Sanders is behind Mrs Clinton in national polls , he is closing the gap in Iowa , and is far ahead of her in New Hampshire , which holds its primary eight days later .                         
It was an action that could no doubt be seen performed at B & S ' s around the country almost every weekend .                                                 
A spokesman for the firm said : " A small equipment fire occurred ... while routine weekend maintenance work was taking place .                                                     
As well as spending seven weeks at number one from December 2014 , it remained in the UK top 40 for 39 weeks .                                                 
" There are a lot of people who talk a good game about their faith , including Mr . Trump and Mr . Cruz ," Williams said .                                         
He ' d developed an off - side game and I knew that in Test cricket he was going to need it .                                                   
It took only 13 minutes for Chelsea to take the lead , with a goal which spoke of the confidence returning to their play .                                               
There is much to be said about the importance of ensuring low - income communities have access to high - quality teaching .                                                   
A Foreign Office spokesman said : ' Our staff in India and the UK have been in close contact with all six men since their arrest to provide support to them and their families , including attending court .                     
I got to participate in something that I really enjoy and a passion that ' s definitely grown for me over the last two years .                                             
[ They ] have run all of product and engineering together for the last 18 months , helping to drive an increased pace of execution .                                             
Life may have come to earth 4 . 1 billion years ago , hundreds of millions of years earlier than we knew .                                                   
" The amount of time it takes you to get a coffee is the same time it takes for a dog to die ," she said .                                           
A spokesman for the centre said they received a phone call about the incident but they did not see or hear anything .                                                   
He also criticised the Chancellor for not coming to the House of Commons to take part in the debate , noting that he had announced the tax settlement with a tweet at the weekend .                           
" I wasn ' t ready to show who I was , I just wanted to show up , fight and go home ," he said .                                           
' She is really tiny and doesn ' t eat a huge amount so I think she finds it quite fun to see me getting through so much .                                       
Tim Kennedy , national secretary of the National Union of Workers , said the current system saw all the risk being pushed onto the worker and no risk being born by the employer .                             
It was about quarter to seven in the evening and my daughter called me and said he had been involved in a hit - and - run .                                         
Martin said that he ' d lived in Scotland for years and would be remaining north of border regardless of the outcome tonight .                                                 
Parliament has approved constitutional changes to give him the right to run for the top job as many times as he likes .                                                   
Still , rather than watching Thursday ' s GOP debate , he says he ' ll probably go to Trump ' s event instead .                                               
We know we ' re probably in for some very sad times but we ' d rather do that here than in an American hospital .                                             
These conditions are what humanitarian agencies have most experience with -- but they now face this new era of disease .                                                       
Turkey ' s state - run news agency said two people inside the bus and two passengers riding in the car were killed .                                                 
Of the rest , 39 said players ' interests don ' t always come first , and 14 either weren ' t sure or refused to respond .                                         
So if you can get a group together , which we feel like we ' ve got at the moment , and keep everyone together , then it can change really quickly .                               
He arrived at 10 a . m . and worked until 4 in the morning , when he could catch the first train of the day .                                           
We put all our money into it , we don ' t pay ourselves a lot , we just want to be there for a long time .                                         
I have 20 years " experience of speed reading and I know exactly how to approach a reading task such as that ," she said .                                             
His climb down is welcome , though it would have been better if these comments had never been made in the first place .                                                 
The film has never been released , with only a handful of people claiming to have seen anything from the production .                                                     
He had his first role on stage at age 17 and , dropping the " H " from his last name along the way , had modest success in theater and on television through the 1960s .                       
' Our response officers have been sent to the locations to ensure there is no threat to anyone ' s safety and support the schools .                                             
He can never escape , never get home to his children , because his low wages mean he cannot imagine ever paying off his debt .                                             
A new way for the human race to think about what ' s possible and thus to drop old ideas about what ' s impossible .                                             
Turkey , which shares a border with Syria , has kept an open border to refugees from Syria ' s civil war and is now home to more than 2 . 2 million , the world ' s largest refugee population .             
' I was shown the CCTV of me talking to him outside the club but I didn ' t remember a thing about what I was being shown .                                       
The State ' s duty is to give answers to all , with respect to the common good , above and beyond the welfare of single individuals .                                         
Nearly all health professionals believe there are not enough mental health services for children who have suffered sexual abuse , a survey has suggested .                                               
" When I showed the players the country ' s Six Nations ranking since 2003 , I think they were shocked ," he said this week .                                           
A 58 - year - old woman has recovered from her back pain while waiting the long time from getting an appointment date to being seen .                                           
" If the Government did support the Saudi bid it would show once and for all that [ they ] put profit above fundamental human rights ," he told The Independent .                                 
This way , your ex could see the animals , and your son could get used to seeing his dad on his own but still in a familiar environment .                                     
It means I can keep on top of all my different accounts and pages for the TV and radio shows I do .                                                   
" After the conclusion of the Iranian nuclear negotiations almost six months ago , I stated it was critical to move immediately onto Pyongyang with a view to open negotiations on the possible delivery of such a long - term guarantee for the regime ," he said . 
That ' s the issue with so much in fashion : I ' m not sure anyone can really claim ownership .                                                     
The first day I was in London I had a map , which showed the area I was living in and the area my friend lived in .                                         
He added that since January 2015 , changes have been in place which address the majority of the issues raised .                                                       
He was my England captain in 2008 [ when Brown made his Test debut ] but I didn ' t spend much time with him .                                             
I also kept looking at the CCTV images thinking it was my dad and then I contacted the police and they requested a DNA sample .                                             
It means that the different lines of the Spurs side - defence , holding midfield and attacking players - operate high up , too .                                               
200 more -- but even if you hired 200 more , you ' ll get it to what it was right before you took office .                                             
" While we couldn ' t immediately identify any sign of the objects in question , we have responded to the dog owner and we will be further investigating the incident ." she said .                           
The Obama administration has sought to counter the militants ' propaganda for more than a year , but officials did not believe enough was being done .                                           
He understood the history of the game , being 38 , 39 , where I was just like , I ' m ready to play every day .                                         
I just think we can ' t have a men - only leadership when we are a party for women and equality .                                                   
I don ' t want to be compared to him because then people are going to think I ' ve got to do what he did .                                           
I talk to Nick and tell him that I love him and that I ' m sorry I couldn ' t do more ," she told Palmer .                                         
So far , no one from his network has been caught , he said , but men operating in other cells have been captured .                                               
I am aware that two big clubs such as Liverpool and Chelsea are interested but I haven ' t given my word to either of them .                                           
If there is no sufficient middle class and if the poor really are very far from the rich , then you really cannot speak of a single society .                                       
And the only way we can deal with it is to take each loss and try to learn from it and try to get better for the next game .                                     
This is unlikely something that you can achieve alone , but that ' s OK : you ' ve already shown you ' re able to ask for help by writing to me .                             
" We must help the Syrian people so that the Syrian people can build a sustainable future for the country ," he said .                                                 
We can ' t just turn up and think this season is a write - off and there ' s nothing left to play for , because there is .                                     
" It is such a special place , particularly because it was made by my grandmother ," he said in 2013 .                                                     
" We have no idea what is going on and we haven ' t had any communication for head office since the trading halt yesterday ," he said .                                       
But the 23 - year - old is set to start in Sunday ' s FA Cup tie at Oxford United , and the new boss wants him to stay .                                   
I think there should be a system agreed with all European countries to take some people so we all take a share .                                                   
A joint report by refugee agencies said the conflict in Syria will continue to be a source of refugees seeking asylum in the European Union .                                             
Johnson ' s career high of average runs per game was in 2014 where he made 5 . 7 runs per match .                                                   
She refused to take a side in December during an event CNN hosted alongside the GOP debate in Las Vegas and said if the candidates were ' smart ' they wouldn ' t seek her approval .                       
We wanted to open a place where we would like to go , and we knew there were lots of people like us who ' d like to go there as well .                               
America wants a fighter who ' s not going to walk away from a fight , but will walk into one .                                                     
A far north Queensland aged care hospital will remain under infection control for at least another week after a virus outbreak killed four elderly patients and left another six infected .                                   
" This man , he gets nothing from the government and he needs to live ," he said in English , referring to refugees in general .                                           
One man was seen making the most of the current flooding in his home town by heading out on a jet - ski .                                                 
The team received a letter that stated the girls teams was too talented and other teams don ' t want to play to their higher standards .                                           
More than 500 photos have made it to the Instagram site , but many more have been submitted and not made the social media cut .                                             
MPs said they had " no doubt " that most UK charities did not engage in such practices but the behaviour of some had damaged the reputation of all and made it harder for them to raise money .                   
But there are nearly three million Muslims in Britain , of whom about 800 who are of interest to the agencies have travelled to Syria .                                             
Wilson is the first player in NFL history to have at least 4 , 000 yards passing , 30 touchdown passes and 500 yards rushing .                                             
In 2015 , he registered a career - best 45 touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ), and had three games with five touchdown passes .                                           
It emerged last month officers were now trained to ignore victims and storm buildings housing terrorists straight away to save lives .                                                     
That is , don ' t even think about " leading " a walk unless you are familiar with the route .                                                     
" It ' s going to have an effect ... but we don ' t fully understand what the impact will be yet ," he said .                                           
They are now looking over their shoulder when they are in the train station to see who is behind them .                                                       
The striker ' s form will be crucial to Chelsea ' s push up the table during the second half of the season .                                                 
" When we dealt with this period in school , we only ever saw it in books , never through the eyes of people who lived through it ," he says .                                 
Young black men - just 2 % of the population - are nine times more likely than the average American to be killed in police shootings .                                           
He quickly became " one of the boys ," which probably shouldn ' t be surprising considering he ' s been playing professional sports since he was 18 .                                       
He always feels he has to score because that ' s what he likes to do but I thought he played well .                                                   
The sexual relationship continued as he stayed over at her former home in the resort , the court was told .                                                       
We should remember the extraordinary work that the Princess Mary Club did in providing safe and secure accommodation for thousands of Victorian women over the last century .                                         
The online survey finds Clinton with a 15 percent lead over Bernie Sanders , but voters younger than 24 years old prefer Sanders by 42 points .                                           
The President will make the case for his decision , and try to convince the public more steps are needed , during an hour - long town hall on CNN Thursday night .                               
The judge said : " It ' s perfectly clear that each of you targeted some of the most vulnerable boys .                                                       
There ' s a lot of people down there I don ' t know where they are and if they are OK .                                                   
If you ' re dating someone who is in a position of power over you like your boss , that can create some problems in terms of how you are treated in the office but also how others look at you in the office .       
On November 22 Trump repeated his claim -- widely regarded as false -- that he saw television reports of Muslims in New Jersey celebrating the 9 / 11 terrorist attacks .                                   
But as I took on more responsibility , which meant bringing work home with me , my family required more from me , too .                                               
You ' d play a 20 - minute set , then be off for three or four hours , then play another 20 minutes - there was a lot of time to kill between sets .                         
The fact you are paying more doesn ' t necessarily mean you can put someone in a place they ' re not necessarily going to go .                                           
It ' s definitely going to be amazing to go out there to have a couple of days , before we play and go out and play .                                         
She married a white man - an American - and returned to Saudi Arabia around a few years ago , which is when the trouble began .                                           
I ' m not taking a poll ; my job is to lead a franchise and to lead an organization to where it needs to go .                                           
You shouldn ' t allow big businesses to negotiate a lower tax rate because they create jobs , corner shops could not negotiate that so why should they .                                       
Earlier , the German interior ministry said 31 people had been identified as being involved in the violence , of whom 18 were asylum seekers suspected of crimes ranging from theft to assault .                             
" I had a very tough father and a very tough brother and if anybody ever came to our house , they never came again ," he has said .                                     
A 29 - year - old man has appeared in court accused of causing the deaths of a baby boy and his father in Cardiff by dangerous driving .                                       
I said to him on Christmas Eve , how are you getting on with that phone and he said it will do for now .                                               
The injuries to the child - believed to be a boy aged about 14 - were thought to be serious , but not life - threatening .                                           
He isn ' t an unknown because of the position he plays and the fact he won two national titles at Alabama .                                                   
We ' ll continue to do what we ' ve been doing and go about it the same way and if we can knock off one of those big ones .                                   
They weren ' t trying for a baby , so it was a shock when they found out a couple of weeks ago .                                                 
For four out of ten parents , it was more important their child was a healthy weight even if it meant them being less happy .                                             
You can ' t say , ' OK , we ' re just going to focus on the mom ' without understanding what context that mom lives in .                                         
That ' s fair enough at this early stage , but he ' ll have to supply a lot more detail .                                                     
If that would be less than his own benefit , then it wouldn ' t make much sense for your husband to switch from his own check .                                         
The estate was most recently owned by a businessman and a college professor , who listed it for sale for $ 12 . 5 million .                                             
Craig and his brother Paul , 18 , met the movie star and had their photo taken with him following the event .                                                   
The state is also a leader in job creation tied to those new businesses : In 2013 , California added jobs from newly established businesses faster than all but four other states .                               
George Osborne , Britain ' s economic and finance minister , thinks a deal between his government and the European Union on a series of reforms to Britain ' s membership of the 28 - country bloc is possible in February .             
A total of 22 are in the pipeline - including four in London - and discussions have started in 65 different locations .                                                   
There are many , many months and weeks of this you have to work at it ." But I think I did a pretty good job in the short amount of time I had .                           
Police in India have arrested a woman for beating her mother - in - the law after CCTV footage of the assault went viral .                                               
I have to say , I ' d rather sit and talk face to face but I could see why they liked it .                                                 
American Sky has a 21 - night self - driving tour through some of the most beautiful national parks in the western US .                                                 
" It seems to make people think , " That wasn ' t a full glass , so I ' ll have another ," " she explains .                                             
They produced forecasts for what China would say the figure was , but they thought the actual figure would be much less .                                                   
He ' s been in Congress , he ' s been elected to office a lot longer than I have ," Clinton said .                                                 
" All I can tell you is this I ' m pro - life and I ' ve been pro - life a long time ," Trump said Tuesday .                                     
Miss Wells added : ' She said she wanted to go to the other one , however Mr Ali explained he couldn ' t take her further because she indicated she had no money .                             
The group will then board a train to Brussels - a trip that ' s less European break , more break with Europe .                                                 
The government has been accused of " leaving the disabled behind " in its drive for greater employment , after it emerged that more than half of the households in which nobody works contain at least one adult with a disability .             
If we play at a high level with energy , that type of attitude ... it ' s going to be hard to beat us .                                             
I think you should be learning about those things from 15 , 16 , 17 years old and being warned about it .                                                   
Police described the man as black , aged between 20 and 30 and of medium build , with short dark hair .                                                     
The 28 - year - old from Tottenham , north London , died after being shot during an operation against an alleged attempt to spring two Turkish offenders from a prison van near Wood Green .                         
We didn ' t think he would survive this long - we were told it would be three years , maximum .                                                     
They often require an initial payment of up to $ 600 and monthly fees that range from $ 20 to $ 40 .                                                   
He did not ask for Obama ' s endorsement , nor did he ask for advice on how to beat Clinton , Sanders said in response to reporters " questions .                                   
Two men , aged 20 and 24 , were arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and remain in custody .                                                   
The Federal Reserve has kept short - term interest rates near zero since 2008 , so many people expected the Fed to raise rates this fall .                                           
She also suffered an injury to the back of her head but that is believed to have been caused when she fell to the ground during the attack .                                       
" For sure , there are certain patterns of play that I work on for playing against him ," Murray says .                                                     
Our father has passed away ; our mother has passed away as well now so I ' m the only one that ' s left .                                             
This campaign has already taught us a lot about Donald Trump ' s feelings on race , none of it encouraging .                                                     
The person on the receiving end will get a pop - up to ignore , join , or listen in to the call .                                                 
For one thing , rising U . S . rates and the healthy American economy have attracted investment to the United States and raised the dollar ' s value .                                     
We ' ve been playing some very good cricket at home and I want to win another one - day series away .                                                   
The unemployment rate is at its lowest level since 2008 , and workers are feeling more comfortable in their jobs and with their finances .                                               
" But they learn pretty quickly that they can ' t really push it too far because they get symptoms ," he said .                                                 
He said he must treat the assault as an isolated offence as other charges against him had not been accepted as proven by the jury .                                             
" They will continue to work on it overnight , but as the situation starts to resolve a lot of those firefighters will be released ," he said .                                       
She was the first one there but she ' s also been there for some of the greatest and most fun times .                                                   
He has been encouraging the 25 - year - old to shoot more often and that advice paid off three minutes before half time .                                               
I spoke to the victim after and she was amazing and said she actually experiences that kind of abuse a lot .                                                     
Of course it would be wonderful for Hillary Clinton to be the first female president , but I think she would be the first to say that she wouldn ' t want people to vote for her just because she ' s a woman .       
That ' s how we set ourselves up for success because small steps , small victories successfully implemented yield huge results .                                                     
Of 29 initially trapped , 15 have been rescued and one is confirmed dead , while 13 are still missing .                                                       
The former Liverpool and England captain returns to Los Angeles this month , but thoughts are already turning to what lies beyond his final game .                                             
We are going to stay on top of this with our Mexican counterparts until we get that back in the box .                                                     
I ' m sure they ' ve got the resources to deal with this and if they do not they need to sort it ... it ' s causing a lot of resident stress and they need to pull their finger out .           
It ' s in line with similar - sized charities , but former employees told us they thought it was too much .                                                   
I ' ve been for , you know , for a long time , that I ' d be happy to have more debates , and I hope we can get this done .                             
In Maryland alone , where officials are seeking federal disaster aid , emergency management officials say they expect tens of millions of dollars in snow removal costs , damage to public property , and emergency measures to protect lives and property .             
' It was not only a project for them to focus on while they were having treatment , it was a project for the future and is now being shown to patients now facing the same treatment ,' she explained .               
We ' ll be doing more testing this whole weekend and early next week to figure out why and exactly what that means .                                                 
It estimates 82 , 000 homes could be forced to close , equivalent to more than four in 10 of all supported housing in England .                                             
To do this you have to leave a space for young players and give them a chance to see that they can play .                                                 
I ' ve seen injuries where it has been there for a long time because the dog has got used to it and nobody has noticed .                                           
Despite the team ' s poor 8 - 27 record this season , the Lakers have a few things to look forward to .                                                 
But if you want to try ; if you want to just see if you can live without a phone , then my advice is to just do it properly , for a week .                           
I think [ qualifying for the final ] is just another indication of the steps they ' ve made over the years .                                                   
" I am putting out a new album this year -- I won ' t say when ," she said .                                                       
We ' re protecting the integrity and there ' s no limit on what we will pay to fund that .                                                       
The child needs to have severe mental health problems before a service is available to them , due to the numbers and waiting lists .                                               
13 attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris , and authorities prepared for a possible worst - case scenario on New Year ' s Eve .                                           
At the time of the closure , hospital administration told media outlets , including The Sunday Times , that it was only a temporary closure over the holidays .                                       
But he is not quite as capable as he was , once upon a time , when it comes to putting the football exactly where he wants it , especially on deep routes .                             
Many high - rise units in Melbourne are smaller than 50 square metres and so tiny that they would be banned in Sydney , London and Adelaide .                                         
He can ' t write , or read more than the odd word or two , but he can follow television and films .                                                 
The 2016 report says human rights in Europe have suffered as a result of the terrorist attacks in France and the ongoing migrant crisis .                                               
But it can definitely affect your family and I think that ' s where people have got to be really careful about what they are saying .                                           
Because you ' ve had such an incredible start to life , I decided to write you this letter to start the New Year .                                               
That comes after a period of strength that meant money went further on shopping across the Irish border or on Spanish holidays .                                                   
The scene where the dead man ' s father , a left - wing political activist , is informed of his son ' s death , is a brilliant , moving piece of writing .                           
Of Murray ' s five losses in the final , Djokovic has been on the other side of the net on four occasions .                                                 
He added that at the time of his arrest Dr Hamilton was preparing an application to funding bodies for a cultural history project .                                                 
We ' re spending more money now , but I think we ' ve done what we ' ve done in the right way .                                               
As we all know , being more in shape can make you feel better about yourself , too , which can lift your mood .                                               
[ He ] has a long - term contract , and no - one has spoken to us about a possible transfer .                                                   
And even though he lives in Australia , we are still really close and keep in touch all the time .                                                       
And seeing elected officials , some of them say that , you know , there ' s nothing we can do about this .                                                 
At the same stage of its existence in September 2010 , Google ' s net revenue stood at $ 5 . 5 billion .                                                 
Mr Jones continued : ' After a few minutes he bit down on your shoulder , and that caused you eventually to release his finger .                                               
About 23 percent said they would cut back on spending in other areas , while 15 percent said they would need to rely on credit cards .                                           
It is the fourth time Dr Cooper has found a new largest prime - the 2013 number was also his .                                                       
The U . S . Department of Justice is investigating the city ' s police department over its use of deadly force , especially against minorities .                                           
1 to express a different kind of New Year ' s resolution : to love her body as it is .                                                       
We kid ourselves that we understand social media , but we are in a foreign land compared to our teenage children .                                                     
" There is still a fight going on ," the Pentagon press secretary , Peter Cook , said on Monday afternoon .                                                     
It ' s a very interesting concept , but I do think we must look at it within the bigger picture of our lifestyle as a whole .                                         
' With all respect to client C , one of the problems for her in respect to her health related to her weight ,' she added .                                           
" We have seen people that have been able to fund their business almost immediately , and you don ' t have to give up any equity portion ," he said .                                 
The letter , out of the blue , said that the couple had never been entitled to housing benefit and now had to pay back £ 52 , 000 .                                     
CBS and Fox have been vocal about selling less material to the streaming service , but there ' s no way for those companies to know what ' s popular , because Netflix won ' t tell them .                   
The strong growth puts the firm it in a position to challenge Google as the Internet ' s most powerful company .                                                     
The police service is constantly seeking new ways and new technologies to improve our chances of helping victims achieve justice .                                                       
Well mate I ' m coming to a close , it would be nice to hear from you , even better if I could see you .                                           
" When you leave your child in a car , you are putting them at risk of serious injury or death ," she said .                                               
The chemical transferred onto the young girl ' s leg - burning the shape of the phone ( right ) into her skin .                                                 
Cruz said his promises are " not tough talk " but rather a " different fundamental military strategy " than Mr . Obama has put forward .                                           
Perhaps they bought a modest house half a century ago but now , especially in capital cities , it could be worth a million dollars or more .                                         
The commission continues to seek a change to the law so that the human rights of women and girls are protected when facing these difficult decisions .                                           
Scotland ' s new food body has urged the Scottish government to make plans for the introduction of a tax on sugar .                                                   
I ' m a huge fan of his , huge fan of this organization , and I ' m just happy to pay respect to them on the ice .                                     
But over four - and - a - half years I ' ve dealt with all the clubs and I know all the names and all the faces .                                       
Their conditions were not immediately known on Sunday afternoon , although police said their condition was not life - threatening .                                                       
We are not familiar with that in Germany and players who are not from the UK have to get used to the winds .                                                 
I ' m currently " enjoying " a dry January , which has turned out to be easier than I feared - I am sleeping better , losing a little weight and I don ' t really miss it .                 
The Air Force insists that the maintenance team chief was properly trained for the task he was performing but made a mistake that resulted in damage to the missile .                                     
He tells me that usually it ' s £ 25 for three courses at lunch , but that he put it up to £ 35 for December because there ' s four choices at each course .                       
For a few years before we were married , my wife owned a small apartment in the old western sector of Berlin .                                                   
If he wins the Republican nomination , we ' ll have plenty of time to talk about it if Hillary wins .                                                     
The violence outside the main railway station has sparked a debate about Germany ' s open door policy on migrants .                                                       
I think the main reason for their sudden success however is the way they can effect change , where perhaps others couldn ' t pre - internet .                                         
You prefer not to draw 19 but there is not much we can do about it , we will just make the most of it .                                             
Sir , I know you like to argue about the rules , but we ' re going to conduct a debate .                                                     
The date is significant as it was the day before the second round of France ' s regional elections in which the National Front were hoping for a string of important victories after a strong showing in the first round .               
Our response officers have been sent to the locations to ensure there is no threat to anyone ' s safety and support the schools .                                               
We want to keep in contact with each other and be a team throughout the year and not just the three months .                                                   
The Port Authority was working to get trucks that were in the port at the time of the strike out of the area .                                                 
According to the rules , the acts should not already be well known to the UK general public - through featuring in the final stages of a TV talent show , for example , or having already been a member of a successful band .       
If you have a direct question , do include " Andrew " in it somewhere and I ' m more likely to find it .                                               
But because of the way our social infrastructure is now managed you get a far worse deal if you are not able to access basic services online .                                         
He told police during questioning that he was carrying the guns for his own protection , according to the deputy chief .                                                     
Work was originally planned to begin in October but the process was set back by a the risk assessment process taking longer than expected .                                               
He said Saudi Arabia " was not known for its free and fair trials " so it was unclear whether the " terrorists " among the 47 were actually guilty .                                   
On February 20th , you will begin the process of choosing a president who has what it takes to stand up to the Republicans .                                               
You could say something like this : " We are so grateful that you are willing to come all this way to be with us .                                               
Pope Francis waves to the crowds as he arrives in St . Peter ' s square for his weekly audience on Jan .                                                   
And if someone has not paid their fines and a warrant has been issued for their arrest then they could ultimately wind up in custody if they cannot make a payment .                                 
He determined that that offence was at the low end of World Rugby ' s sanctions and selected 12 weeks as the appropriate entry point .                                             
What you do in the hours and days leading up to an operation can make a bigger difference than you might think .                                                   
I realized that if he ever left us , I would have to continue without him , for him ', she wrote .                                                   
Most of my colleagues , and our school family , and the kids will tell you the same thing -- she was remarkable .                                                 
She didn ' t share her feelings , not really , and that ' s why I think she was a bit vulnerable because she kept things inside her .                                     
Four teens , who range in age from 14 to 17 , were being held by investigators Monday , according to CBS New York , and a fifth suspect was still at large .                             
Mr Brown said he looked forward to people and communities in the west of Scotland sharing in the benefits delivered to all three regions .                                               
It ' s telling that eight of their shots came from outside the box ( and three more right on the edge ), and that eight were the result of set plays .                               
The exchange was one of more than 1 , 200 messages released overnight , under a court order dating back to last year .                                                 
A Maryland judge has sentenced a former police officer to five years in prison for holding a gun to a man ' s head .                                               
" The exact cause of the crash is yet to be determined and the roads will be closed for some time ," he said .                                               
I ' m sure our guys will be motivated , trying to do the best they can to play the best they can in the game .                                           
It ' s a long way to the Tour de France , especially if you are in great shape in January .                                                     
While Donald Trump hasn ' t spent a single day in elected office , it suddenly seems like we are all already living in Trump ' s America .                                       
I very much hope it is not the case that we will see communities affected by flooding again today but it is entirely possible that we will do .                                       
Four years from now , Trump could appear before Congress at the State of the Union and explain how we still don ' t know what ' s going on " over there " and the ban must continue .                 
The Foreign Office permanent under - secretary should be putting his foot down to make it clear it is the British Foreign Office , not the Tory Foreign Office .                                     
Unlike nearly everyone in the private sector -- except many chief executives -- Congress members who have been in office at least five years are eligible for a pension once they turn 62 .                             
The actual amount of exposure we ' ve had - it was page three in the Times - that ' s worth £ 5 , 000 to me in advertising so it ' s great .                         
If the ban is lifted they will be ready to run in time for the January festival , their owners say .                                                     
A government report had described the German Army as being at the limit of its capacity for intervention , as a result of cuts in the budget .                                         
It ' s been going very well for me , and I hope to keep it up as long as I choose to play tennis .                                             
He challenged the various Out campaigns to come up with answers on what a post - EU future would look like for Britain .                                                 
The president also broke off relations with Taiwan , in 2013 , after it refused to provide more money to bail him out .                                                 
Mr Brown says the firm also aims to create an atmosphere where employees feel free to try new ideas out , regardless of whether or not they are successful .                                     
But we have a much , much stronger foundation in this team and that is not going to be the case .                                                     
" I feel confident that I ' m never going to have a plane with my name on it ," he said at a church .                                             
From a financial point of view you can ' t bring in a whole crew so we look for innovative ideas .                                                     
The official advice from Britain ' s Foreign and Commonwealth Office makes clear that terrorism is a risk in Egypt , and that some areas should not be visited at all .                                 
But still we need to win because we want to be at the top end of the league and not in the middle .                                                 
It ' s not just the marks , it ' s also what we call soft skills - how you negotiate with your peers , how you deal with multiple competing demands .                               
The company also said that 80 % of its advertising revenue in that period came from mobile advertising , up from 69 % a year earlier .                                           
No one in Corbyn ' s shadow cabinet has died , retired or decided to spend more time with their families , so there was no urgent pressure for a change .                                 
You see that ( injury ) happen and you don ' t know if you ' re ever going to play the game again , or walk the same again .                                   
Instead of going to our common NBA cities and playing , we ' re going to another country , and we will take our families over there and they will experience something new that a lot of us haven ' t seen .           
The numbers didn ' t lie , but when the state is telling you you ' re wrong , it ' s hard not to second - guess yourself .                                     
In October , the magazine that helped launched the sexual revolution , announced that it will stop running photos of completely naked women in its U . S . print edition .                                 
Australia ' s economy has been one of the best - performing in the past 25 years , across everything from GDP growth , income growth , the unemployment rate , and inflation .                             
" I used to watch and take the moves in , and one day I asked my dad to play with me ," she says .                                             
Apple Music launched on 30 June 2015 and had signed up 11 million users by August - however , that was during the three - month free trial period .                                     
There ' s not much that ' s very interesting about this massive convention hotel -- aside from its notorious history , of course .                                               
Following the killing , two suspects were killed in a clash with police and three others arrested - a 32 - year - old woman , an 18 - year - old man and a minor .                       
But it ' s easy to slip up on your own language and miss the words you get right and those that you don ' t .                                           
However , many home insurance policies won ' t allow for paying guests , so before letting your place out it ' s worth reading the small print .                                       
David Cameron today stepped closer to dropping his key demand for a four - year ban on benefits for migrants in his fight to stay in the EU .                                       
But in this group , that ' s not the case , all of you are going through to the next round .                                                   
So , if you save £ 1 , 000 a year you get £ 250 or £ 300 to top up your savings , with annual and lifetime limits on what you can put in .                         
He told reporters at the White House that the high number of shootings in the US had forced him to act without the approval of Congress .                                           
He ' s spent a lot of time and money and has 10 , 000 volunteers working on his behalf on the ground .                                                 
Although a decision from the European commission could be weeks away , pressure for a full - scale EU investigation is likely to grow .                                               
Police have confirmed that a 25 - year - old man has been arrested and is being detained in connection with the incident .                                                 
Perth back Alex Grant says defence has been the key to their improvement but has stressed they need to start winning away from after gaining just one point from six games on the road .                           
It ' s not just about the service , it ' s about thinking about which funeral directors you ' d like to use , what ' s important to you , how much you want your family to spend .               
' We do not believe any of the series of official statements starting from March 24 , 2014 , up to and including that of September 3 , 2015 ,' said the families .                             
He was not captured , but her turned himself in and our investigations will continue , as we believe he can assist us with our investigation into the incident .                                     
The game was fairly even and looked set to be a draw , until the South Korean international fired in his goal with two minutes left on the clock .                                     
Some of the film - makers who spoke after said their work was part of a larger pitch for a television series or feature film .                                             
The man who spent the past decade sitting at home now visits companies and tells their staff how to fix themselves .                                                     
To have [ Farage ' s registration ], the car must have been registered and therefore built prior to February 2010 ( at the latest ) so would not have been subject to this recall .                         
They are going to have serious emotional , financial and social problems , and this is going to be a very big challenge for the state and for society .                                     
The Australian Open continues to break crowd records in Melbourne while the facility at Melbourne Park is ranked among the best in the tennis world .                                             
The 22 - year - old , also a Belgian citizen , has been charged with terrorist murder and participation in a terrorist organisation .                                               
It maybe just gives you a better idea of what kind of ball you ' ll be receiving from the other end just because you have played that player before .                                   
" I don ' t know that there is anybody else who would have been able to do it and make it real ," said Star .                                           
There is no doubt in my mind that we will have at least two female directors in the next round , and our goal is to increase that .                                       
I know people want to see 49 - 48 but I don ' t think it ' s going to be that way ," he said .                                           
When my daughter , Charlotte , was three we were in the car , and you couldn ' t see the buildings set back from the road .                                         
Lawrence , 42 , pleaded guilty to dangerous driving causing death and was sentenced in the West Australian District Court on Friday to three years behind bars .                                         
It ' s a great start to the year and we can ' t afford any more slip - ups now so we need to make sure we play every game like this .                             
He ' s a liberal Democrat and , win or lose , he ' s in the mainstream of the left wing of the Democratic party .                                           
That is the most rain he has seen in three years and follows a drought he described as the worst Queensland has seen in a century .                                           
The UK government has announced a public consultation on the creation of five new marine protected areas in England , Wales and Northern Ireland .                                               
However , he did not seem to be accepted with full respect by some of the team , including James .                                                       
In the wake of the terror attacks in Paris in November that left 130 dead , France and Britain joined efforts in Syria .                                                 
Sanders ' campaign already has television ads playing in early voting states like Iowa , New Hampshire , and Nevada .                                                       
14 on Fox Business Network , but that channel is available in fewer homes than Fox News Channel or CNN .                                                       
I have a contract so I ' m happy and I think I ' m at one of the top clubs in the United Kingdom .                                             
The Fed said economic activity had been " expanding at a moderate pace ," with " solid rates " of increases in household spending and business investment , as well as " further improvement in housing and the labor market .               
Cruz has insisted that he meets that bar because he was born to an American mother , making him an American citizen by birth .                                               
He had a chance to get up there , confirm his story , point to that guy as the person who paid him to kill my dad , and end it all .                               
A volunteer from the Sanders campaign in Washington told us last week that out of about 15 phone conversations with likely voters , three or four told him they are torn between Trump and Sanders .                         
For the Cabinet Office , the figure is 57 per cent - compared to only 6 per cent for the department with the best record on transparency .                                         
London : Arsenal missed their chance to go back to the top of the Premier League after being forced to play with 10 men for much of the 1 - 0 home defeat by London rivals Chelsea on Sunday .                 
It is the highest proportion in any British jail and nearly double the number recorded less than a decade ago .                                                       
For at least two reasons : first , it will save on raw material costs , as well as waste management costs at the end of the production .                                       
In terms of drug treatment for heart failure this is the biggest step forward in the past ten to 15 years .                                                     
" There ' s a time and a place to use them , but as long as an adult is monitoring their kids there is no issue ," she said .                                   
The 10 - episode Netflix series hit the online streaming service before Christmas and has caught the attention of many celebrities as well .                                                 
ABC will have live coverage of president Obama ' s announcement on gun control later this morning expected to be around 11 : 40 .                                               
Many seasons now in a row we have seen or heard that top 10 is the goal , and he ' s missed out on it by a long shot .                                   
Police are hunting two boys after the pair were caught trying to set fire to a bus - while they were on it .                                                 
The relatively minor charge reflects the fact there is ' no grounds to say that the doctor wanted to murder the patient ,' investigators said .                                             
Food sales have grown consistently and the online side of business reported a 20 per cent growth in sales over Christmas .                                                     
But extensive transport infrastructure doesn ' t exist in every country , so finding new ways to get to rural health care providers is vital .                                             
It has already spread to 17 countries in our region , and the rest should be prepared for its further spread .                                                     
Instead , Yahoo plans to separate its core internet business from other business lines by making it into a separate company .                                                     
Mr Black said the party would make at least 2 , 500 " rent to own " homes available to first - time buyers .                                               
And I ' m so grateful for everybody ' s love and concern because I do think it comes from a good place .                                                 
When you are in a relationship , for the first year , you are kind of hiding who you are ... then slowly , the other person figures it out - and they are really not happy about it , for the most part .       
" In other countries , including Australia , the US and Italy , people tend to expect to be told what will happen and what to do about it ," he says .                               
Instead of getting on with putting their business plans for 2016 into action , our members now have to worry about how their staff are going to get into work on the three days of industrial action .                     
But the transgender movement is getting stronger and bigger , and there are a lot of women fighting for a gender identity law .                                                 
Sanders ' support in New Hampshire has increased 10 percentage points since the last poll was conducted in late November and early December .                                                 
A Fox spokesperson said Trump offered to show up at the debate if the network contributed $ 5 million to his charities .                                                   
Italy was among Iran ' s top trading partners , with 7 billion euros ($ 7 . 6 billion ) in trade dropping to 1 . 5 billion after the sanctions .                                 
We need to acknowledge that our economy is changing rapidly and we don ' t have all the answers yet .                                                       
Among those killed was a boy aged four who died when the car he was in crashed into a truck in North Carolina .                                                 
And though they might not admit it , for some , the easy access to the New Hampshire primary is all about the experience .                                               
The next government , to be chosen this year , may well lack the political will and the money to implement it .                                                   
And a lot of people don ' t ever find that chance , even if they don ' t have a mental illness .                                                 
So all children should be taught cooking throughout their school career , and they need to run about much more .                                                       
" I don ' t want to study for the new one , so hopefully I ' ll do well on this one ," he said .                                           
Mr Turnbull said Dr Smith , who is currently a deputy secretary in the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet , had been appointed for five years .                                       
It has grown since I ' m here , a brilliant job what he did , a high - quality manager , one of the best in the world .                                     
Warner said he had no problems with being connected to Channel Nine during games , nor did he feel under extra pressure .                                                   
Most of the other accused were represented by court - appointed lawyers who have had no contact with their clients .                                                       
Bloomberg , who declined to comment for The Times story , reportedly could enter the race and still qualify to appear as an independent candidate on the ballot in all 50 states .                               
" The key thing now is for us to understand that Labour is in power in Wales , we are able to affect change here and we ' ve got to focus on that ," she said .                     
There was a breach of trust but the purpose of what they did was to alert the fire service very quickly after a fire was started .                                           
What started as a week - long challenge set by the BBC ' s The One Show was extended throughout December and January .                                                 
This collection is a great first step but it won ' t change our lives - my shopping experience will remain a challenge with or without it .                                         
Earlier , the president announced the law change at the White House , while surrounded by survivors and relatives of victims of shootings .                                                 
It doesn ' t matter which six balls you pick for tonight , as the odds of a set of any given six numbers winning does not change from draw to draw .                               
" As citizens who happen to be black , we support Mr . Trump because he shares our values ," she wrote .                                                   
I know we ' ve got a good squad on paper , but that doesn ' t get the results .                                                       
' If you have the option to give someone real - world consequences for their action you may be able to teach them not to do it again , but you should never respond to them directly , especially not online ,' she said .       
" There are police employees that are afraid of talking about these things in the context of the immigration debate today ," he said .                                               
It says aides fear a " coup attempt " if Labour do not secure at least that percentage of the vote in May ' s elections .                                           
But as long as you can get just a little bit better each year , then the results will come .                                                       
I know that not paying a fine means that people eventually end up in jail and I am prepared to accept that .                                                   
Then there is Angela Merkel in Germany , and the question of whether she will try to control the appointment of her successor .                                                 
Two protest rallies will also kick off in the afternoon -- one by parents and residents , the other by the teacher ' s union .                                             
Because the water had not come in at that point they said I would have to stay put and hope for the best .                                                 
At the same time , the number of properties managed by each branch dropped from 43 in October to 41 in November .                                                   
" I am now 30 years old , although people rarely live to more than 20 with this disease ," he said last year .                                               
He just did what he wanted to do , and that ' s what inspired so many people to just be themselves .                                                   
If I do , the option is there to train the entire winter and then we ' ll see what happens .                                                     
It was the first time in more than half a century that a NATO nation had shot down a Russian plane .                                                     
You have to be ready to do it day after day , you have to push yourself , so I think he realised that and he is of course playing better .                                 
' In this case , it was a small thing to do in exchange for what we got ,' he added .                                                     
This is the second year the facility has been used after it was built with financial assistance from the ACT government ' s capital assistance program .                                           
A quarter of all its students - and in business and management courses , close to half - are from abroad .                                                     
From this large group , smaller groups of men formed , who then surrounded women and threatened and attacked them , he said .                                                 
He only returned to the field this season after being an All - Pro in 2011 , ' 12 and ' 13 .                                                     
" The U . S . Department of Justice is proud to maintain a close and effective relationship with our Mexican counterparts , and we look forward to continuing our work together to ensure the safety and security of all our people ," she said Friday .   
But Prime Minister David Cameron has come under pressure from Labour and the Liberal Democrats , as well as from within his own party , to do more .                                       
As Obama winds down his last term in office , he has decided to do what he can on gun control outside of the legislative process .                                           
Those issues include gun control , which he ' s said will be the driving force behind his political decisions in the coming year .                                               
In January 2014 the home secretary did her best to head off any inquiry into the Russian ' s 2006 death .                                                     
It ' s been reported that he ' s working on a tie - up with Google to create a new self - driving car business .                                           
People often feel pain from the loss of love , but in some cases a broken heart is not just an expression -- it can be an actual medical diagnosis .                                   
I ' m sure everybody in here wanted to come out on the ice with a little bit more jump and bring a little bit better effort .                                         
" I felt I had the art of managing all the chaos and moving the lines and keeping everyone calm ," he said .                                                 
It ' s a positive step he came out on Friday and admitted he has a problem , but until he does something about it those words won ' t mean much .                               
A further search is being carried out in the wake of the second blog post , and police are also investigating .                                                     
Because of that high degree of public safety , there is nothing extraordinary about women walking around alone or in small groups even after midnight in most towns and cities .                                   
Iraq ' s leaders may have their eyes on Mosul as the next prize , but a U . S . military expert said Saturday that taking it will be challenging .                                 
A white actor can ' t possibly capture the impact he had on so many of us black kids back then , and can ' t have lived a life that would help him understand how Jackson performed race as he did .           
The bottom line : The data was just what the doctor ordered for the broader markets that had , before the start of trade Friday , shed more than 5 % for the week .                           
He ' d had an interest for a while and wants to be a make up artist when he ' s older .                                                   
Poland ' s president signed a new law giving the government control of state radio and television , despite concerns from the European Union , an official said Thursday .                                     
This call - up is a reward for that form and it is great to have someone of his quality to step into the squad in David ' s absence .                                   
But at the same time , the Government ' s own financial watchdog has warned that savings in benefits payments are likely to be less than a billion pounds by 2020 as a result of the new tests .                   
And that might be a good thing , because people can no longer get away with saying one thing while video shows something else .                                               
But I also want to point out to you that what you are saying is the exact right topic to all of these other candidates .                                             
We have research that says girls as young as five years old are worried about the way they look and their size .                                                   
It ' s a very important game , which they all are , but this one is even more important because Brisbane is a team doing well and we ' re at home .                             
He clearly hopes that if South Africa can survive with a draw here ( and he did not entirely rule out the win ) it could affect the rest of the series .                               
We played so well against Manchester City and Chelsea , and I don ' t know why we couldn ' t do it in the other games .                                         
A German court ruled this month that EU migrants were entitled to benefits after six months - despite a contributions - based system .                                                 
At this team , it is not the policy of the owners to change immediately when you don ' t win a title .                                                 
If only I had than I may have learned the NHS believes one in four women is affected to some extent .                                                     
The Government says disabled people will benefit from the social security changes and receive more support to get into work .                                                       
He declined to comment on whether he was still on schedule for an agreement on EU reforms in February and a public vote on Britain ' s future with the bloc in June .                             
The share of 20 - to 24 - year - olds in the US who say they ' re retired doubled from 2004 to 2014 .                                             
He said it was all the more surprising , given the reality that fewer people are attempting the crossing during winter .                                                     
" It ' s become weak , and you know what , it ' s going to affect the NFL ," Trump said .                                                 
" The policy was subject to an independent review last year and found to be highly ranked when compared to other public - sector organisations ," he said .                                       
It ' s hardly a stunning return but it ' s still more league goals than any Manchester United players this season .                                                   
While this action is in line with national guidance , I would stress that the risk to anyone who has come into contact with this patient is extremely low .                                     
Others suggest Hollywood should introduce policies similar to those that promote minority candidates for senior staff jobs in American football .                                                       
Asked whether the Government was worried about soldiers being investigated up to five times , she said : " We are deeply concerned .                                                   
The BBC interviewed the man who witnessed Simpson - Kent ' s arrest at the beach where he was hiding .                                                       
The result is that primary and secondary schools all over the country are having to find ways to address children ' s mental health needs themselves .                                           
" I feel my game is in good shape going into this run of golf that I ' ve got coming up ," he said .                                             
The potentially life - saving procedure could cost her up between £ 70 , 000 and £ 80 , 000 in medical costs as well as repeated trips to and from the UK to the US .                       
He is currently France ' s only black fashion designer in a world largely dominated by white , middle - class talent .                                                   
On Saturday in Iowa , Clinton was also scheduled to appear at campaign events with her husband , former President Bill Clinton , and her daughter Chelsea .                                         
Facebook also reported that it now has 1 . 59 billion monthly active users , a 14 % increase year over year , and that more than 1 billion people now use the social network every day .                     
" We were living a rural lifestyle and in order to reach where we reached today you would have to be traveling at a very , very fast pace ," he said .                               
" We will not wait for [ an ] outrage to take place and then take action ," he said .                                                       
Local authorities were supposed to tell the government by Friday whether they would accept the deal , but said the money on offer was less than expected .                                         
' I knew that if fame came it would be too big a ride for me , for us as a couple ,' he says today .                                           
A Department for Education spokesman said the government wanted every child to have the opportunity of going to a good local school .                                                   
The UK is to take 20 , 000 refugees from Syria by 2020 - but campaigners want 3 , 000 children to be taken from Europe .                                           
The franchise was created as ABC looked to expand its NBA package along the lines of its Saturday night college football coverage .                                                   
In Europe last year , more than a million migrants swept in - up to 400 per cent more than arrived the previous year .                                               
I don ' t see anything that ' s been done that can ' t be fixed or sort of put back together , if you will , going forward .                                   
The studies , which focused on diabetes and cancer , found that women who breast - feed cut their risk of diabetes and cancer compared to women who did not breast - feed .                             
We are handling the situation and I hope that soon , this very serious event will be over ... but as of now , computer systems are still not working as they should .                             
Not that Arsenal are currently thinking of anything other than beating Barcelona , the European champions , over two legs .                                                       
While Australia have been dominant at home in Test cricket , they have struggled on the road with losses in England and the Middle East in the past 18 months .                                   
It ' s a point of principle for him that he keeps his prisoners alive so that the authorities can hang them .                                                   
It ' s testimony to the fact that the United States remains the true global power that people and the media in most countries will follow the race closer than they follow even some local stories .                       
This is based on decades of medical research which clearly shows that men can safely drink about twice as much as women .                                                   
What it comes down to is being able to play your best tennis under pressure and making the right decisions under pressure .                                                   
I won ' t turn a blind eye to everything , I know there are some areas I need to improve on and I ' ve publicly said that before .                                   
For somebody so young to lose their life is very sad , it ' s tragic to find out about a former team mate passing away .                                           
I felt like Brisbane I was playing well and I ' ve still been able to get stuck into my fitness work the last few days , so I ' ve been trying to do as much on - court stuff without being on court .     
When we first saw the list , when you add on the costs of the cases and the insurance , it can be a lot .                                             
The Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said that no junior doctor working less than 56 hours will see their pay cut - and said no doctor should have to work longer than those hours under the new contract .                   
The Swiss fell behind early in the first and third sets but hit back immediately both times and was dominant for the most part on serve .                                           
" This was not responded to as a terror incident and the reporter was fully aware of this before she wrote her story ," he said .                                           
" This is hard , but it ' s the truth : America is a great nation in decline ," Rubio says .                                                   
We have Australia ' s attention for the next year and we are just excited to use that platform to continue to grow .                                                 
It ' s cheap for schools - sharing resources and ideas has become easier - but , for me , teachers and social media don ' t mix .                                       
Now that we have all of the key factors in place , the challenge is to repeat our success and to do it again and again .                                           
According to the site , a friend went to his residence on Sunday to make sure he was doing fine , but Michael did not answer the door .                                       
Illinois police are asking for the public ' s help in finding a 31 - year - old mother of six and Iraq War veteran who disappeared from her home more than a week ago .                         
It was expected that she would be charged with murder and refused bail to appear in court on Wednesday , a police spokesman said .                                               
In an example of content and context coming together perfectly , a smart new television marketing initiative is being promoted by a TV drama about a public relations expert .                                     
On March 28 2014 , a two - week fact - finding hearing was held at the High Court in London , at which all available evidence was heard .                                     
A family source said at the time : ' They ' re doing as good as they can be under the circumstances .                                                     
She had asked to come back home and we said yes , so we really tried to plan on getting her to move back home .                                             
" One child had too much blood and blood pressure that was much too high , while the other child did not receive enough blood and had blood pressure that was too low ," it said .                       
" I am sorry that it has taken such a viral turn , but it was just a statement of how it was ," she said .                                           
A total of 200 of these islands would meet all the UK ' s electricity requirements - but at a cost of £ 1 . 7 billion each the power does not come cheap .                           
His success at both the NFL and college level makes it easy to see why he is one of the top defensive coaches in the game today .                                         
And I think that ' s what we all have to do on Australia Day , just reflect on that and then get on with life , make life great for your families .                             
Now what is some Alabama Supreme Court judge , why ' s he more powerful than the United States Supreme Court ?                                                     
It ' s no wonder people are more concerned than any of the other major areas that affect their life .                                                       
So many people have become ill , so many people are just waiting to be able to go to another place that is safe .                                               
They told me they will let me go but as I took a few steps back , they fired two shots .                                                     
She didn ' t release him to his parents , though , saying that she ' d work to find the teen a long - term treatment facility .                                       
I think you always go out there with a clear intention of staying true to your identity , how you want to play out there .                                             
He said : " Although I was trying to push myself , the help from the teachers wasn ' t there .                                                       
The campaign has previously only played radio ads in the state , many of which were targeted to African American voters in the state .                                               
For women , this isn ' t about politics - it ' s about having the ability to make their own medical decisions , and for their doctors to be able to provide the care that is best for them .               
The party won the 2014 election with just 31 % of the vote - among its worst results for decades , just ahead of the 30 . 7 % it got in 2010 .                             
Until I moved to a different hospital , where I had my third child , Oscar , I didn ' t get much support from doctors .                                           
We played just about our best three quarters ( this season ) and we kicked our highest score in the first three quarters .                                                 
" It ' s all been so new to me and being in the cycle of talking about the same movie as long as I have ," she said .                                     
And if so , should women try to avoid getting pregnant until that happens , as governments in some Latin American countries have advised ?                                               
After his junior year , he left school to sign with England ' s Manchester United but didn ' t play in a first - team game before leaving after three years with the team .                         
These are details that , if Clinton is elected , need to be discussed before any policy changes go into effect .                                                     
We ' re doing a lot better than we were seven , eight years ago , but we ' ve got a long way to go .                                           
The latter , she tells me , is a particularly big issue , thanks mostly to the way the local population has changed .                                                 
Mr Oliver believes that people are going to be happy to allow their data to be used for marketing , but it has to be on their terms .                                       
His older brother , Max , wore his dad ' s number while at Duke University , and may be entering the NFL next year .                                             
I would like to thank my family , friends , legal team and all those who supported me through this difficult time .                                                   
One reason is that the Northern Ireland Assembly will break up in March to allow an election campaign to begin .                                                       
She said although the fire is not threatening communities and houses in the area at this stage , it was important for residents to stay informed ahead of Wednesday as things could change quickly .                           
He provided information to us via a brief statement and his DNA was taken with his consent as a routine procedure .                                                     
After negotiating for several hours , police said officers entered the home and found the other five people dead , including the man they had been negotiating with .                                       
" This is a tragic situation and we are working with other agencies to assist the local community ," she said .                                                     
Sanders speaks to low - wage federal contract workers during a protest where the workers demanded presidential action to win a wage increase to $ 15 an hour on December 4 , 2014 , in Washington .                       
The vast majority of serving Army soldiers do a first - class job in protecting this country but the evidence shows that this is by no means the case for all .                                 
It ' s sad for me to see a lot of nice people leave this area , and a lot of people move in who have no link to it .                                   
After the security footage of the incident was released online , many in Russia raised questions of a cover - up culture in state medicine , reports The Telegraph newspaper , because a probe of the incident was announced finally several days after the man died .   
We will monitor the situation across the country to ensure these plans are in place , and are ready to respond to any significant increases in pressure in any region over the course of this dispute .                       
He was believed to be facing minor drug and traffic charges , as well as a separate matter involving a threat to kill .                                                 
Most said they couldn ' t help but they found people for me who would - and they did ," he said .                                                   
The communication that I discovered completely by accident , was that [ my mother was ] a good singer and I used to do a lot of singing .                                       
A report published by NHS England found it had failed to investigate hundreds of deaths over a four - year period .                                                     
The EU costs us billions of pounds a year and affects our trade , security , legal system , defence , welfare and most other aspects of public administration .                                     
" The U . S . will do what is necessary to protect the people of our country and our friends and allies in the world ," he said .                                     
Each news special , documentary and tell - all book has , in the two decades since the so - called trial of the century , increasingly wore us down .                                   
A high court judge ruled last month that Northern Ireland ' s abortion rules breach the human rights of women and girls .                                                   
If this is the sort of gift horse you can ' t help looking in the mouth , the point of that old saw is , after all : Don ' t .                               
It ' s been happening all year to some degree and I just think it ' s about making the most of every situation I ' m in .                                       
All the other efforts weren ' t as much as I would have liked , and so the point is , now that was the point of calling the National Guard out , about making attempts to visit every home in Flint .           
Then he tells me that from this on this is how it is going to be from now on , were sleeping together , every night .                                           
I ' d already come up with a list of things that could be wrong - all were potentially sight threatening conditions which required urgent attention .                                           
But really most of the dialogue could have been written by a white guy and then played by actors who happen not to be white .                                             
The schools ' website said initial water testing was done by taking samples from a few areas in the school buildings , but tests have been requested for all water outlets in both buildings .                           
If that was going to happen , then why haven ' t we met those future humans coming back to see us here in their past ?                                           
I look forward to hitting the road for Hillary and letting people know why she ' s the best candidate to lead our country .                                               
We ' ve been trying for years to knock it down and build a new stand , and actually the planning application has gone in .                                             
" The only thing I know is that he was shot from the back , execution style ." she said .                                                       
" We don ' t know why he has started talking now ," said one source close to the inquiry .                                                       
In 2014 , Iran hosted over five million tourists , bringing in some $ 7 . 5 billion (£ 4 . 8 billion ) in revenue .                                           
We ' re going to capture where the water could go to with this current landscape and that ' s still a very important thing to understand because it gets at those hot spots .                           
I think sleep is the key to looking young , and I make sure to get a good eight hours every night .                                                   
We wanted this specifically to be an all - girl team because we knew it was going to be four days and wanted it to be a good environment .                                     
On the first day , we spent an hour talking about what they enjoy , what makes life worth living and what they fear .                                               
Russia and Syria consider them terrorists ; Saudi Arabia , the United States and others view them as legitimate opposition groups .                                                     
We will know more by then about what they can achieve in points terms , but they have already made their mark .                                                   
He ' s our leader down there and leads by example so you don ' t really want to take him out of his best position .                                           
He had been asking everybody he could think of , from the United Nations to the US government , one question : how much does it actually cost to make the drugs that keep somebody with HIV alive ?                   
' It ' s not easy to stay at this point for a long time ,' she says in the video .                                                     
Any longer than 90 minutes would have pushed them into another sleep cycle and it would have been more difficult to wake up .                                                 
I was trying to get a bit of press so I could write a book after and my agent would be able to sell it a bit better , but I never expected this much attention at all .                   
I was looking at footage from last summer actually where i was scoring a lot of runs and I think last week I got my bat face back to where I wanted it to be and everything felt really good .               
More than one million migrants arrived in the EU last year and some 3 , 600 died or went missing .                                                       
Her mum and dad are dead and so is her brother , so she doesn ' t have much family left .                                                     
When we got to the ship all of us here , we asked them to give us a chance to cross but we weren ' t given that chance .                                     
To be secure for another five , six years gives me a lot of confidence that the club has confidence in me and wants me to be the future of this club .                               
To make it even worse , my birthday fell on December 30 , and so there was another reason to celebrate .                                                     
While leaders struggle to find a political solution to the crisis , the best hope for Syria ' s future is right here , waiting on the school steps .                                     
Around 80 per cent of the company ' s 27 , 000 - strong workforce have signed up to these controversial contracts .                                                   
Children as young as 13 have been invited to describe their gender as any one of 25 different options in a Government - backed survey .                                             
I ' ve watched him then become a captain , in a bid to calm him down a bit and add some responsibility to him , and 99 % of the time that has been the case .                     
Mr Sanders would like you to know that although he is angry , he is also hopeful and believes in positive change .                                                   
But while surveillance systems and advanced healthcare mean that any outbreak could be rapidly isolated in Europe or the US , experts fear that developing countries in Africa and Asia would be vulnerable .                             
And to be fair , there were few Democrats -- especially those in red states -- who would have welcomed tough votes on gun control .                                             
She vowed to reduce the numbers of refugees taken in next year , although she has not said how or set any limits .                                                 
The other message was from a man called Alex , who lived in a pretty market town three hours away ( too far ), and had written one of the best profile pages I ' ve ever seen .                   
Sanders is hoping to surprise Clinton in Iowa and then use his New England ties to defeat her in the New Hampshire primary on Feb .                                             
We ' ll just deal with it , and hopefully he ' s back to 100 percent and playing the way he can .                                                 
We got hit a bit but they had a lot of balls fall in and we didn ' t , that ' s baseball .                                               
A scheme that aimed to see hospital bed blocking fall by a quarter actually saw numbers shoot up by 69 % in a year .                                               
A 33 - year - old man arrested on suspicion of killing his father on New Year ' s Eve was released from jail this weekend , authorities said .                                     
So it ' s not that the months ( and months and months ) of campaign coverage have been for nothing at all .                                                 
People have been talking about that sort of competition for a while - but it ' s not likely to happen in the next few years .                                           
He ' s good at being able to cut through the noise and sit down and figure out what interests people really have .                                                 
I ' ve been on the streets in a few places , but Manchester is one of the worst places to be homeless .                                                 
We hope they will consider backing projects in the future , but we totally understand if they don ' t .                                                       
If they are in work , it may well be in a lower - paid job or often as a part - time worker , instead of the roles they trained for .                               
I would not allow anyone to do it to me as there are a lot of things worse than death .                                                       
I go over how he can improve his quality of life , and tell him what benefits , services and medication are available to help .                                             
" As doctors we should be asking why that is ," she said , suggesting that if patients were better informed then they would follow suit .                                           
But he should be happy enough with conditions in the labour market to hold fire on rates for the moment .                                                       
A top of 28 degrees is forecast in the city and 30 degrees in the west , while a top of 27 degrees in the city and 28 degrees in the west is expected on Sunday .                       
The " radical " announcement will see the government take responsibility for developments , help small firms and speed up house building , the PM said .                                           
The drive to cut costs has been particularly strong in the UK North Sea , where costs per barrel have risen sharply in recent years as production has fallen .                                     
But the Reserve Bank board will not be rushing to cut the official cash rate when it meets on Tuesday .                                                       
Another worker said : " I ' ve seen all the police here this morning but I know nothing about it .                                                       
He published a statement on Barcelona ' s website after his sentence was decided , in which he insisted he was back within the law and that he would emerge from the incident stronger .                           
' Unfortunately , the writing did not go as fast or as well as I would have liked ,' he explained .                                                     
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Friday that the election was likely to be held some time between August and October .                                                     
You ' ll remember what other players have done , because they ' ve been on TV and you ' ve seen it .                                                 
She said the possibility that the loud noise could be coming from guns " didn ' t even occur " to her .                                                   
If it ' s a terrible year , I am not going to sit there and think that defined my career .                                                     
You can do it for an hour , you can do it for 70 minutes , but to do it for 90 minutes is a big demand on your legs .                                   
Adam White , who lives in one of the homes where testing was done , said he had no idea anything was wrong until just a few weeks ago .                                     
Christie told Iowa voters he has the judgment to be president , and he asked for their faith as well as their vote .                                                 
' I just feel lucky that no one else in the house uses it , the girls have baby products and Jamie uses a different one too ,' she said .                                   
These have been previously used to assist those people staying at the properties to find their location , however these have now been changed .                                               
I never thought I would find myself writing fan mail to a pop star but you should never say never , and there is a first time for everybody .                                     
He kept getting upset when I tried to clean it off so I put a post on social media to see if friends had any advice of how to do it .                                 
A spokesman said they also discussed migration and the Syria conference they will co - host in London next week .                                                       
We ' re going to ... allow the people of America to really see what Ben Carson really believes about certain things .                                                   
One student said : ' A boy and a girl sitting together does not necessarily mean they are in a relationship .                                                       
The group we have is a very special group and I don ' t think right now that we want to have the season we have had and then drop out on Monday .                             
One of the reasons its investigation took so long was that it needed laws to be passed to give it the powers it needed for it , he said .                                     
Republicans currently have a narrow 54 - 46 advantage and must defend 24 seats this fall , seven in swing states that voted for President Barack Obama .                                         
Despite the rough start on Wall Street , it ' s not at all clear that commercial or residential real estate developers will shift into lower gear .                                         
They were from state and private sector , spread all over the country , all saying the issue was very much on their radar .                                               
" As president , I ' ll do what it takes to make sure the super - wealthy are truly paying their fair share ," she said .                                         
It also plans to report to the Federal Election Commission that it raised $ 33 . 6 million in the last three months of 2015 .                                             
Ms Blake and her children were last seen on December 13 , and were found buried in the back garden of the family ' s home on January 5 .                                     
The outcome of the class actions could determine the direction in which the on - demand economy heads , although Uber has expressed confidence that it can win the lawsuit and the issue will soon be laid to rest .                 
" It ' s one thing to be like a tough guy , but you ' ve got to be able to get along a little with people ," said Trump .                                 
Both are now determined to secure a place at Rio 2016 , which they hope will be a life - changing experience .                                                   
He said his conversations with colleagues were mainly about how the cease - fire and confidence - building measures , such as opening up areas for humanitarian access , would work .                                 
In a letter to a committee of MPs , the bank said the delays were caused because it tried to push too big a payment through the system in one go .                                 
The university authorities say that they expect more students to come for the beginning of the academic year in September .                                                       
In the wake of the great recession and the long slow economic recovery from it , the cause of the anger is hardly a shock .                                             
British visitors are warned by the Foreign Office of that while most visits are ' trouble - free ' there have been incidents of sexual assault and other violent crime .                                   
Hawaii becomes the first state to raise its minimum age , from 18 to 21 , to buy or use cigarettes or e - cigarettes .                                             
The 27 - year - old ' s family says he was a U . S . Air Force veteran who struggled with mental health problems .                                           
It will focus in particular on medical students . particularly on medicine , using it to help reduce stress among students in its medical school .                                             
We have to continue to have the approach of one game at a time and hopefully everything will work itself out .                                                     
In the army , you do and see things that no human being is meant to see or cope with and then you come out and you feel you can ' t trust anyone .                           
As a player you have to bring what you bring , gain the guy ' s trust and find your way forward .                                                   
With the highest political authorities in Beijing having made it clear that getting better at the world game is not an option , it ' s a must , things are on the move .                           
Even if his case is moved to adult court , the most he could be sentenced to is 120 days in jail .                                                   
One of the three inmates who escaped a maximum - security California jail has been caught , the Orange County Sheriff ' s Department said Friday .                                           
Whether they need to ultimately stay in the hands of the public rather than sold is a decision that needs to be made .                                                 
More than 3 , 000 of the aircraft have already been sold , with delivery to airlines scheduled for next year .                                                     
Scientists have found people who eat large amounts of white vegetables were a third less likely to contract stomach cancer .                                                       
Christie was also asked about former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg ' s consideration of an independent campaign for president , reported first by The New York Times .                                     
If individual players can get things done nice and early then it ' s out of the way and they ' re settled .                                                 
We gave their goal away but at half - time I said that it was a good performance , keep it up and we will win .                                           
And in some cases , there can be very few obvious symptoms at all - until it is too late .                                                       
Maybe I should have got my husband to make the same phone call , maybe she would have asked him to have his wife present .                                             
The end of the housing boom will affect the rest of the economy , but it won ' t be a crash landing , economists predict .                                           
" I ' d be very surprised if that doesn ' t happen ," Howard said on Monday when asked whether Australia ' s women would be fully professional by next summer .                               
' I ' ll never forget when , a few months before my mother died , she told me she loved me - words I don ' t think I had ever heard from her before .                       
On New Year ' s Eve worldwide attention had been focused on the southern German city of Munich where areas around the main station and another station outside the centre were closed after intelligence reports indicated that Islamic State supporters planned to launch attacks .       
An official says the man shot dead in front of a Paris police station rushed up to officers at the entrance , threatening them with a knife , and was immediately shot dead .                             
I wasn ' t a major in political science for nothing , so I understood the politics of beauty and the politics of race when it comes to the fashion industry .                                 
Football is about winning games and to win games and to be close to winning games , you need to work hard and to show better quality than the opponent .                                   
Why would you pick a team or a squad that wasn ' t appropriate for the conditions in which you were going to play ?                                               
I believe you have to know a person , and I don ' t have that here now , but it ' s something I ' d like to have again with a new doctor .                         
" The airlines are going to need to do it with a little service and added value ," he said .                                                       
I have seen performances like this from other Spanish teams - it seems a way of life there and in the end it will kill football .                                           
These are our standards , I am not here to comment on other clubs or what they should do or what they need to do .                                             
I ' m never scared out there ; you can ' t be , the only thing you can rely on is your individual pride .                                             
" We ' re more than happy to compete on a service level as long as it is on a level playing field ," he said .                                           
My husband has decided that he ' d like to continue to cut meat out of his diet , so knowing that now will definitely encourage me , and the rest of the family , to follow suit .                   
She would not have been involved in discussions about her own honour and her spokesman insisted she had not known about her nomination .                                                 
If she chose to move one step closer , she would have been able to win £ 40 , 000 , her odds were deemed so low .                                         
He recently got married , and is enjoying performing and helping to teach the country a little more about injured service members .                                                   
He was just coming out of work , an honest , earning man , a family man , just a great person ... there ' s no words for this .                                   
" I think he made a bad decision to go outside on New Year ' s Eve at that time , but I don ' t think he ' s at fault for being shot ," Hall told CBS News .               
You can see them at our pop - up shows , usually in couples , 25 to 35 years old .                                                       
There are fewer now than there have ever been but it ' s always hard because you know it could affect the rest of a child ' s life .                                     
A recent U . S . study concluded that between 15 and 25 per cent suffer at some point , although typically for about five years .                                           
So much for a warm welcome : Some places in Europe have welcomed refugees from the Middle East and North Africa with open arms .                                               
He could have said no , and I think nine out of 10 veterans would have , yet he wanted to play , which I thought was really nice .                                     
I mean , I know this is a room full of producers , so probably you ' re waiting for money .                                                     
The settlement also sets time limits for ending investigations that ultimately fail to turn up threats - 18 months for preliminary investigations , three years for full investigations and five years for terror conspiracy cases .                         
I ' d felt terrible at breakfast that morning because of an article writing me off in one of the Sunday newspapers .                                                   
I sat there thinking , do I really need $ 2000 to pay off a bill here and there , when I would struggle again in a few months anyway ?                                   
And that ' s kind of how I enjoyed Bowie , trying to work out what he was getting at .                                                       
Officials announced the arrests on Thursday , in California and Texas ; it ' s unclear if they ' re related .                                                     
It ' s better to have it that way round rather than to play great in practice and struggle in the matches .                                                   
The oil firm has issued the preliminary results to enable investors to have up - to - date information on its performance ahead of the vote on 27 January .                                     
" If we didn ' t put the ( platform ) there , this incident wouldn ' t have happened ," he said .                                                 
He said he didn ' t want to answer any questions about his staff because he had not met with them yet .                                                   
Also in March , the Justice Department declined to bring civil rights charges against Wilson in the death of Brown , who was not armed .                                             
There ' s hope , though , for those of us who make it to the most golden of our golden years .                                                   
" Now we want to ensure that the local community and businesses gets the opportunity to have their say on this vital project ," he said .                                           
When scientists arrive to try to identify the disease cause , they often just pick up the name that ' s already being used .                                               
In fact , for the first time , women could make decisions about their lives and bodies without reference to a man at all .                                               
" It shows you what benchmark you ' ve got to aim for and what things you have to do , not only on the field , but off the field , to achieve what you want to achieve ," Hunt said .           
So this is something that ' s free , they get to climb up the mountain every day for a month .                                                     
The Dutch prime minister says Europe has just six to eight weeks to find a fix for the migrant crisis .                                                       
" It ' s a dream to drive and you ' ve got the power when you need it ," she said .                                                   
The royal is the father of two children , 2 - year - old Prince George and Princess Charlotte , born in May .                                                 
The research focused on three large groups of people - one featuring women with an average age of 36 at the start of the study , another with women aged 48 , and the third for men with an average age of 47 .         
So if you do wake up and can ' t sleep just then , get up and do something until you feel like going back to sleep .                                         
For significant service to public administration in New South Wales , particularly to the health care sector , to education , and to the community .                                             
" I have two children and it was a case of who is going to look after them if something happens to me ?" she says .                                           
The patient was then transferred to Princess Margaret Hospital and late on Thursday , a hospital spokeswoman said the boy was in a stable condition .                                             
I got some Bowie records on the black market and it was so different , like someone turning on a light .                                                     
The hearing heard how , in the days leading up to the incident , he had told family members he no longer needed to make decision about life and felt that he would never have a family of his own or a relationship .         
You come fifth on the list for both counts , however , you ' re the second most likely to feel happy at work .                                               
He ' s a five - time Pro Bowl pick , a three - time All - Pro and one of the best in the NFL .                                           
Life is too short to spend your life trying to change , so you should celebrate the body you have , change will come if you want and work hard for it .                               
That ' s that ' s the extent that the mayor ' s strategy here because it seems this is a lot of waiting and there are clearly .                                       
One person involved said they are short of that , but in the still - impressive 6 , 000 range .                                                       
The most recent NHS figures show that more than one million patients are being admitted to hospital for alcohol - related illness and injuries every year - twice as many as a decade ago .                           
In addition , I didn ' t see my father for 18 months as I found the prospect just too difficult .                                                     
The dominant principle is that companies will pay tax where the profits are made which could affect Google ' s tax deal with the UK .                                             
It is understood that initial investigations have indicated the boy ' s injuries were the result of nothing more than a domestic accident .                                                 
In addition , Asian women are at greater risk of suffering from diabetes during pregnancy , which can put their children at risk of type 2 diabetes in later life .                                   
31 , the city released thousands of emails related to the McDonald case after a weeks - long request from media organizations .                                                   
The Australian Open released a statement minutes prior to the press conference , though said nothing about the match on Court 6 .                                                   
I thought he was the one , and I didn ' t want to tell any of my friends what happened between us .                                                 
I ' ll remember my friends and business colleagues who know who they are , the ones who hang with me , work with me , listen to me and hang it on me .                           
The leader of a rapidly improving Kings team , he played in his first All - Star Game a year ago as an injury replacement for Bryant .                                         
I ' ve played in the league a lot of years and I feel like I can ' t end [ with a season ] like this .                                         
Your closest friends and family members aren ' t you , but they have a pretty good idea of who you are .                                                   
So I like Chris Christie , I think he ' s a talent for sure , and he ' s my friend , but I ' ve got a record .                                   
More people think now is the time to buy a home than at any time in the past seven months , a new report shows .                                             
It is perhaps no surprise that statistics show that most English people say sorry at least eight times per day , and sometimes as many as 20 times .                                       
There were a few options , including an opportunity to go back to Australia and play , but I want to finish my career over here .                                           
They ' re both up 1 percent while the other eight industrial sectors in the S & P 500 are much lower in 2016 .                                               
Since being posted to a Perth fishing Facebook group on Monday , the video of the bizarre trip had been viewed nearly 8 , 000 times .                                           
A spokesman from the Scottish government said : " This rise in oil production is a positive sign that the industry is making real progress .                                               
But it ' s a slow process , so don ' t expect to drop 10 pounds in two weeks on this diet .                                                 
He ' s not going be a 90 - minute player but if he can have that kind of impact he had for the rest of the season , he ' ll be an asset .                         
First , most teachers have a professional commitment beyond their own school ; they are ambitious for all the children in their area .                                                 
Some families rent a second home close to a top - rated school then list it as their main address .                                                       
" Whether or not it turns out to be true , basically having an alternative [ theory ] makes you look at what you have more carefully ," she adds .                                   
Around 1 . 7 million people will see their pay increase in the first year alone , with almost 6 million workers set to benefit in total .                                         
He wanted to show him that , just because he was royal , he wasn ' t better than any of the rest of us .                                             
The row centres on Mr Hunt ' s proposed new contract for junior doctors which involves more evening and weekend work for less money .                                               
Among the planned measures EU countries would be able to tax company profits in some circumstances even if the money has been transferred elsewhere to avoid such payments .                                       
It ' s a joy to watch him score goals and work as hard as he does for one of the best teams in the world ... but you never know .                                 
Its effects are even worse in many of the big cities around the world where young people most want to live .                                                     
" I did probably go up with the rest of the crowd and half our box when he took the first mark ," he said .                                             
The man is placed on the ground by the officer , until more back - up can arrive at the scene .                                                     
Vietnam is one of the countries with which the administration hopes to sign a massive trade agreement that will cover 40 percent of the world ' s gross domestic product .                                   
Last week , 88 out of about 100 state schools in the city were shut for a day by teachers not coming in .                                                 
" There is overwhelming evidence that [ animal abuse ] is linked to crimes against people , including violent crimes and domestic violence ," she said .                                           
More than four million refugees , there ' s an aid conference coming up in London and what is needed now ?                                                     
" That was one of those moments when you can just say , " I was there and I saw it ,"" he said .                                                 
The idea that he will pay more attention to us on who to bomb in Syria , or what to do in Ukraine , if we fail to respond is wrong .                                 
This isn ' t just about the awards , and it has nothing to do with being patient ; nor is it , as some have suggested , racist to white people .                               
I ' m so lucky , all I ever wanted to do was play college sports , didn ' t know or care what sport , just wanted to play something .                                 
They ' re not war refugees but more like grown street children who move with the flow of refugees across Europe .                                                     
" I ' m going to take the high road , I am going to trust Hillary ," she said at the event .                                                 
He said : ' We are not going to do all three in 24 hours because that would be too dangerous , but over three different days .                                           
The debate has been scheduled for January 18 in Westminster Hall , where any member of Parliament is allowed to participate .                                                     
" It ' s enough money to let the band live ," says Taylor , " and we don ' t go beyond our means , ever .                                           
She needs to work , and when she ' s doing that , somehow everything else just falls into place .                                                       
He was arrested a few weeks ago after six months on the run , following his second escape from a high - security Mexican prison .                                             
The coast guard said Friday it had recovered the bodies of 16 women , 11 children and seven men , while at least 26 people had been rescued .                                       
It ' s something that the club really set out to do this year , to draw a line in the sand and move forward .                                             
I stayed in the centre overnight while doctors checked that the treatment had worked and that they had stopped the stroke before it could do any more damage .                                       
The NHS and care systems will crash if we carry on as we are because the current amount [ going into the NHS ] is not enough and everyone in the NHS knows it .                           
" The notion of treating people with a bit of respect and including them in the organisation that they care about deeply , matters across these different sectors ," he says .                                 
" I don ' t know if it ' s cool , but most of the people in here are not old ," says Lisa .                                             
In 2014 , it was reported that such phones were used by those involved in a series of killings in Australia .                                                     
And this pattern is being repeated in countries where the political landscape is quite different from that in the US , like Sweden , Germany and the UK .                                       
Researchers are working on a material that can store heat during the day and release it later , without you having to lift a finger .                                             
It seems so strange that we live in the same place but they are free , able to come and go from the trees on the " free " side of the fence .                             
Mr Khan insisted an interview with Today on Monday that he would be " my own man " if he wins the race to succeed Boris Johnson in May - and the contest would not be decided by Jeremy Corbyn ' s policies .         
If he wasn ' t prepared to be mean to Republicans , how on earth could he expect to negotiate with them in Washington ?                                               
And for no reason at all - just because someone has written a post , you have put someone in fear for their jobs and their lives .                                         
If we look forward another 5 or 10 years again it ' s something that almost demands that we have to look at that .                                               
A pass - first player his entire career , he asked for an assist from Bryant after the Toronto game .                                                       
" At the end of the day , I ' m optimistic about my recovery and that our country will become safer from gun violence ," she said .                                       
His son told the hearing : ' The pilots had told him that the weather was coming in and he was going to go .                                                 
If the FBI needs to follow up on something in a background check , they currently have three days to do it .                                                   
This is a special season , it is not very easy to win , which is why the points average is less than last season .                                             
Police have not made any arrests or released the names of suspects , but they are asking anyone who was at the New Year ' s Eve party - and took pictures or videos - to contact them .                   
Most are not returning ; from Monday they will be replaced by MPs elected in November ' s historic polls .                                                       
In a statement her family said : " Our mother was very clear about how things should be organised following her death .                                                     
If they at least draft a bill , and even pass it , then the parties can argue over a concrete policy choice .                                                 
With those players away with the Olympic team , these players will come in and if they perform and do well , they ' ll have to keep their spot and the Olympic boys will have to fight to get back in the team .       
When you ' re feeling down , it can be hard to be social , but that ' s when it ' s most important to connect with those around you .                                 
In some cases the letters were hand - delivered and it suggested that investigators had taken the opportunity to " ask a few questions " where possible .                                         
This collection date from the first half of the 20th century , showing park life hasn ' t changed much in the last century .                                               
She claimed that on the night the fight took place the pair had been arguing and making ' smart ' comments aimed at each other .                                             
I try to set a good example because I feel like if I don ' t get into arguments , that can help everyone be more friendly .                                         
" What I want to see in education is not a focus on throwing money at the problem ," he said .                                                     
In fact , it ' s so common that nearly all sexually active men and women get it at some point in their lives .                                               
It would be fair to say that we wouldn ' t pick a team that we thought wasn ' t going to be fit enough to play .                                         
The First Minister , who has said it is ' absolutely vital that people can access social housing when they need it most ', will come under intense pressure to take action against her MP .                         
He doesn ' t understand , like , why they shot him and they live right here next door so it ' s a constant reminder .                                           
" I would see them most of the time in the summer but I have not seen them for about six weeks ," he said .                                             
' There ' s a lot of incredible wildlife , the island has been featured on TV for its nature .                                                       
Image caption Bowie died on Sunday , aged 69 , after what his family said had been an 18 - month battle with cancer .                                               
The U . S . State Department has said that officials are aware of the arrests and that it provides assistance when U . S . citizens are detained abroad .                                   
So , it ' s big to earn the respect of your peers and an honour that they voted me the winner .                                                   
The Obama administration appears determined to press ahead with the removal of families and young individuals despite fierce criticism from activists , lawyers and politicians in the wake of the round - ups at the start of the year .                 
" Russia must take all necessary measures to ensure that such violations do not happen again ," he said in a statement .                                                   
I ' d rejected that notion at the time because there were too many good men I knew who didn ' t feel that way .                                             
" But I ' ll go watch " Star Wars ' anyway , because he is the Chinese ambassador ," she said .                                                   
' It ' s easy to talk about building more houses but until we see action the problem will only get worse .                                                   
We didn ' t know what we were going to do next in life after that , we didn ' t have much organised .                                               
There are many people in my life who think that I have a problem , but the only opinion I ' m concerned about is my own .                                         
That ' s maybe another step away , but I definitely feel I have it within myself to step up with play great tennis for two weeks .                                         
" I ' ve always had a little lower back problem and some weeks it just gets bit worse and today happened to be one of those days ," Park said .                                 
My message to mothers across the region is to please come forward if you have any concerns about your loved ones who may be considering travel to Syria .                                       
It is always tough to give up your spot , but when you ' ve got a guy who can do the things he could , you don ' t mind so much .                             
' The doctors told my family I could have just two or three hours to live , and that I wouldn ' t make it through the night .                                       
Let ' s go back to this front we used a couple games ago because that was good against this running play .                                                   
He said that the next five years should be dominated by " a bright , green and liberal programme " for Scotland .                                                   
Just 27 percent think the country is headed in the right direction , while two - thirds think it is off on the wrong track .                                             
According to the bank ' s website , there is still an initial fee of 5 per cent - this should have been to cover the cost of advice , but even though you now get none , you still pay it .           
If any of their own were killed in the encounter , they would certainly have buried them or carried them away .                                                     
" It ' s very tough , there ' s no limit [ on rent rises ] for shops " she says .                                                   
The trust ' s early history had been the " same story of my life ," Prince Charles added - of having to " overcome " people who did not believe in it .                             
Spurs host Leicester City in the FA Cup third round on Sunday week and then again in the Premier League the following Wednesday .                                                 
" He uses the car service only when it is absolutely necessary and has not done so since July 2015 ," says a spokesman .                                               
As the long term trend in consumption has risen , so has the number of people developing alcohol - related health problems .                                                   
The design is intended to help build trust between police and citizens -- a topic currently on the minds of many in Chicago .                                                 
Now , I ' m back to being the calm , smart , very experienced fighter who ' s been in the ring with him for 24 rounds .                                       
He said there had been approximately 150 people from Latin America and the Caribbean who traveled to Iraq and Syria to fight for ISIS this year -- an increase from approximately 100 last year .                           
It may take others to spot what is really going on - perhaps another teenager worried that a friend is being controlled .                                                   
ABC News has reportedly ended its partnership with the New Hampshire Union Leader for an upcoming Republican debate on Feb .                                                       
THE panel , which has been criticised before by tobacco control activists for apparent conflict of interest as one of its members owns a tobacco business , sent a list of 32 questions to the federal ministry in October .                 
Research has shown that over the course of a three - hour drinking session , the amount of alcohol in your system when drinking the five per cent beer is double the amount left over during the same period drinking the lower strength version .       
Like North Korean leaders over the decades , Kim pledged to develop Pyongyang ' s struggling economy and raise living standards .                                                     
The percentage rise has been far greater than the Muslim population increase in the UK , which is currently at five per cent .                                                 
The report said : " From an early stage , all acknowledged the need for fundamental reform of the authority ' s working practices in order to remove barriers to progress and improve planning and performance management .                       
2 player in the world competing for the first time in three months , had a 73 and already was 12 shots behind .                                                 
' That ' s around 45 - 50 a month , which will add an additional 200 between now and April .                                                     
The Kings have a 30 - 15 - 3 record , good for 63 points and first place in the Pacific Division .                                                   
You are getting 14 - year - olds held in cells for hours and it ' s not good enough .                                                       
As long as you ' re coming in on the right plays , it ' s OK to be beat .                                                       
One of those " big things " will be the President ' s vision for U . S . leadership in the world in the post - Obama years .                                     
" I am not the candidate of career politicians in Washington ," Ted Cruz said at the January 28 Republican debate .                                                     
In the last hour or two before your natural sleep time have a routine that helps you settle , such as a quiet , dark , comfortable bedroom .                                       
A constitutional law expert says the actions are " on solid legal ground ," but that doesn ' t mean there won ' t be a fight .                                         
My fear is that women will be picked off so I ' ve written to the leader and deputy leader because Tom [ Watson ] is doing a review and it ' s a huge worry for me .                   
There ' s no better time than the new year to turn one ' s back on the old and explore something entirely new .                                               
Before that , something was missing for me , I was always into music but that was the moment it felt like your thing , there was a connection .                                     
With four goals in three Premier League games , the Brazilian looks less like a false nine than a rather threatening one .                                                   
Energy prices and companies rose after the Kremlin said it is discussing the state of the oil markets with Saudi Arabia and OPEC .                                                 
While we have seen air quality improvement across most of the city , we recognise that more needs to be done .                                                     
The owner plans to rent it out for part of the year - at £ 1 , 000 a month .                                                       
More than 3 , 000 travelled , which really increased our desire to get a result , just for what it would mean to them .                                             
" It ' s been an amazing journey so far for me , in the places that I ' ve gone and the people that I ' ve met ," she said .                               
Lord Rose said immigration would not stop if Britain left the EU - but backed the Prime Minister in his efforts to slow down migration from the continent .                                       
Israel also strongly condemned the decision this week by the EU foreign council to take up a new resolution strongly critical of continued Israeli settlement .                                             
The seven players on injured reserve will fly out with the team when the Denver Broncos leave for the Super Bowl on Sunday .                                                 
He also learned how good it feels to put on his old clothes and have them hang on him , he said .                                                   
In an earnings call last year , Facebook executives said that one of every five minutes Americans spend on smartphones is spent on Facebook .                                               
" People that have come into our country illegally , they have to go ," Trump said during the GOP debate in Las Vegas in December .                                           
" I don ' t think there will be another man that suffered all those years and then came in and got on top of the world by being a senator ," he said .                           
After leaving home to study film at university , I spent the next eight and a half years in a stable , happy relationship .                                               
It comes after a report commissioned by the Andrews government last year raised concerns about the " grave lack of gender diversity " in state fire agencies .                                         
So , true to this original , problems with the sound quality left some struggling to work out what was going on on - screen .                                             
I didn ' t know what he was going to give up the rise on a heavy track , but he was very strong and tough in the end .                                     
The knee ' s in really good shape and then after a couple of weeks in training we ' ll make an assessment on when he plays .                                         
This alone will do little to create more choices and get more films and television made that reflect the diversity we all deserve .                                                 
This has been a dream my whole life , to go there and see it and make a film of that place .                                                   
It ' s brought back foot traffic , which had been missing , and it only helps our brand that we ' ve been going strong here since 1993 .                                     
According to one recent opinion poll , 75 per cent of Tory members are strongly opposed to British membership of the EU .                                                   
' And the fact that black people feel under - represented in studio movies and big movies , well , it ' s what women thought for a long time , it ' s what gay people like myself still think .             
The Department of Health confirmed the patient was being treated at Royal Perth Hospital but would not confirm any other details of the patient .                                               
They say information is power and we ' ve seen that demonstrated in the past year , with the protests about quality and access to affordable education right across the continent .                                 
Without him I would not have made it - David Bowie ' s wife dead at 25 right there in her evening dress , cold as a fish on a plate .                                 
The authors also took into account factors like income , education and race , which affect access to medical care .                                                       
It ' s been a tough few weeks for me away from the court and I thank all of you for your support with that as well .                                         
' She has suffered , she goes to special school and gets a lot of help to deal with what ' s happened .                                                 
The only school among the five he did not schedule an official visit to was Arizona State , and he will end the month with a trip to Alabama .                                     
The bill would require at least half of union members to take part in a ballot before a strike can happen .                                                     
The last time such a flight was made public was in 2013 , after North Korea carried out its third nuclear test .                                                   
However , Mr Justice Smith dismissed the firm ' s motion that Mr King should be jailed , at a hearing in December .                                                 
He added : ' The second time round I thought right , let ' s do it properly so I started looking on the internet for ideas .                                           
And I have a number of friends who were there in Iran with me who to this day still suffer from that .                                                   
Detroit ' s schools have been under the control of four state - appointed emergency managers over the last six years , according to the complaint .                                           
On landing , the 31 - year - old approached staff with hands in the air saying he was a terrorist - and he was arrested .                                           
While people ' s real life and phone voices aren ' t exactly the same , they ' re generally similar enough that you can easily make out who ' s who .                               
The drop - down menu on the left allows the results to be split by gender , patient or factor .                                                       
" We ' ve got a lot of love out there , from the US and here ," he previously told the Radio Times .                                               
There hasn ' t been too many matches where top players lost in the last decade or so in early rounds .                                                     
And those who know that I ' ve barely read a book since school are surprised that I have now actually written one .                                                 
The proposed form is shown in draft regulations laid before Parliament on the conduct of the national poll , one part of the legislation which must be approved at least ten weeks before the UK is asked to decide whether to remain in the EU .     
He said : ' It is entirely possible that if somebody doesn ' t like where they are being sent , that they simply re - apply again later in order to get sent somewhere else .                         
It comes as two men aged 25 and 31 arrested on Sunday on suspicion of murder remain in police custody for questioning .                                                   
No history , no barriers - just focusing on creating the first fully connected car in the world like no one did before .                                                 
Those regulations state that to represent a country a player must either be born in that country , be a national of that country or be a resident in the country .                                 
Los Angeles County and the Los Angeles school board already have declared the crisis an emergency , moving students out of two schools in the neighborhood .                                           
We understand the needs and the circumstances of our players very well and there ' s no rush from our point of view .                                                 
The video was captured by local resident Scott Stewart , 27 , who rushed down to the shore to spot the animal after seeing a photo of it on Facebook .                                   
" There is never enough that you can do for the environment , so we should do more ," another man added .                                                   
At the time of the incident , British Transport Police said the crossing was out of action for several hours and trains were delayed .                                               
President Barack Obama announced Thursday that $ 80 million in new funding would be available to Michigan next week to help the state improve its water infrastructure .                                         
It yet again raised questions about whether security forces are able to protect the country ' s educational institutions from extremists .                                                     
By the time we concluded those investigations by going and speaking to different sources and doing more work , we then got to the position where he should be added to that recording .                             
We have said before he was playing at 16 , so in reality terms he ' s maybe like a 33 or 34 - year - old player .                                       
And we think only a small portion should go to our kids , so that they can have their own careers and make their own way .                                           
He ' s doing rock , you do rock , and he probably came on the show thinking there was someone who was right for it .                                           
So it ' s a bit not comfortable to be questioned if someone else was not playing 100 percent or something .                                                     
If charged and convicted they could face at least six months in prison and a fine of £ 10 , 000 .                                                     
And it comes at a time when Cruz expects to be on the defensive , given his surge in Iowa that has invited attacks from nearly every other GOP hopeful in recent weeks .                             
He is a very good player but in this moment he is not available , so we don ' t have to talk too much about him .                                         
Canberra will typically only get about seven rain days in January , he said , noting we have had nine so far , with more on the way .                                       
I ' ll start with this grade game and see if I miss it as much as I feel like I ' m going to .                                             
However , not having access to a wide range of current papers might be said to compromise that vision for his work to a certain extent .                                           
The safety of customers is a priority for the NSW government and I ' m pleased this complex project is now back on track .                                               
At the same time , people who have not been resident in the UK for 12 months will not be entitled to legal aid .                                               
King ' s win - now approach to deals started with the package sent to Utah in 2011 for Williams , whose contract was bought out last summer with two years remaining .                               
Germany took in a record 1 . 1 million asylum - seekers last year , driven largely by migrants from Syria .                                                     
Day won $ 1 . 2 million for the individual part , and $ 300 , 000 for the team ' s section with Scott .                                             
Before I found this site , I ' d had never been outside the US and now my passport book is starting to get full - it ' s opened up the world to me .                         
I want to make sure other black girls around the world can see and love themselves , too , through these books .                                                   
That ' s how several major media outlets reviewed Bill Clinton ' s New Hampshire debut on behalf of his wife ' s second White House bid .                                         
It is likely to cost around £ 50 , 000 - on a par with training a guide dog for the blind .                                                   
And they ' re right : it isn ' t - just as the claim that alcohol causes cancer isn ' t 100 per cent proved .                                           
The last hope for the establishment is that Rubio can run a strong third and then make his way back into the race .                                                 
And a review by the European Food Safety Authority in 2013 concluded that there were " no safety concerns " including for pregnant women and for children .                                         
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Friday she had obtained a pledge from Turkey to " do everything " to cut the record number of migrants arriving in Europe .                                       
The six - week campaign was dominated by 92 voting intention polls , very few of which came anywhere near the actual outcome of a Conservative victory .                                         
According to Swedish Radio , police want up to 2 , 500 more officers and 1 , 600 new civilian workers by the year 2020 .                                             
He said he told her that they should ' call it a day ' and she immediately asked for money .                                                       
The former corporate lawyer , who has been enjoying a break and time with her family since her term ended , is making plans about what to do next .                                     
That ' s the question one usually asks while watching a new show that isn ' t working in a very big way .                                                 
One instance of progress is that for a long time I ' ve said we have got to have a system where you don ' t get benefits out of the system until you pay into our system .                   
The fact they refused to pay up meant my wife and I had to take out a personal loan to buy the new equipment we needed .                                           
My money ' s on her , not just for this , but for the mum ' s race at the school sports day , for everything .                                         
Northern Irish workers are paid the lowest of any in the whole of the UK on average , earning just 68 % of what workers in London get .                                       
" He ' s been meaning to invest for a while , and this was the " trigger " that forced his hand as it were .                                           
Education is the country ' s second - biggest export industry , behind only mining , worth A $ 18 billion ($ 15 billion ) in 2015 .                                         
Mr Cameron said : " He was the first big political figure that I ever worked for and got to know .                                                       
It was a shame because the character is so brilliant , she could have been used so much more and no - one would mind .                                             
I am going to phone the police to see what is happening because I can ' t see why they have been let off , that is not right .                                     
You were part of a group of young men determined to travel to Syria to join ISIS and to fight and die for them .                                               
As long as I have some influence in the starting line - up then I would like to use this influence .                                                     
Officials have said the service is intended for outdoor use ; it ' s not clear whether it might extend inside some businesses and homes .                                             
The fifth wave added new interviews in Florida , Georgia , and Texas , and was completed between January 17 - 21 , 2016 .                                               
The amount that a person would need to drink to increase their risk is not as large as some people might think , he said .                                             
If union members want a political fund they are perfectly free to contribute to one , so , this will not necessarily lead to a reduction in the funds available .                                   
But in 2012 , the 69 - year - old gave an interview to CCTV announcing she was ready to take a back seat .                                               
We ' re there to work with our clients , to help them through a very difficult time ," Smith said .                                                     
That prompted the Oregon state attorney to appeal and before Christmas both were ordered to turn themselves in after the holidays to serve out five - year terms .                                       
" That ' s what Dr . Carson and I certainly share in terms of world view ," he added .                                                       
It would actually be good not to talk about the constitution for a few years but that ' s not going to happen if there ' s real uncertainty about the powers of the assembly .                         
There is a huge range of holiday options available , so when looking to book a holiday it is important to consider what you want to get out of it , as well as doing your research into finding the best price .           
The past year has been busy for Kate , who gave birth to her second child , Princess Charlotte , now aged eight months , last spring .                                         
" We move back into hot weather next week and we ' ll move back into the January fire season again , which is something we need to be focused on ," he said .                           
But when it comes to the family finances , start small and you ' ll soon see how little changes close to home can quickly add up to a lot .                                   
His hands were put on top of each other and he had on a dark suit with white shirt and white tie .                                                   
But for President Obama , at the end of his second term , the address is a chance to make the case that his successor should build on his legacy .                                   
It ' s a game for the fans , for anyone who thinks they could manage a team better than the real manager .                                                 
That means that the site is attempting to design the new feature in such a way as to still present a large number of tweets , but without the limits .                                   
" I once said to my brother , " I would like to know what it was like to be loved by them ," and he said , " They took very good care of us and they fed us " - which is true .           
I mean , a lot of people really believe this , deep down -- that they just don ' t trust you .                                                   
France doesn ' t need any permission from any other country [ to enter business with Iran ] and it ' s not receiving orders from above and that ' s very important for us .                         
I ' ve won so much throughout my career , I feel like if I keep pushing forward it might happen .                                                     
I think people have used text messages to spread the word and that is how it has ended up like this .                                                     
Clinton waves to the media on January 26 , 1996 , as she arrives at federal court in Washington for an appearance before a grand jury .                                           
" You don ' t mind if Manchester City find a way of being outstanding and scoring three goals but it is very difficult to find an explanation in the dressing room for the players to find a reason we have been knocked out ," he said . 
" The European crisis will be a humanitarian crisis in Greece with thousands of trapped refugees and migrants ," he warned .                                                     
In the worst case scenario , I thought I ' d show a good side of myself and keep me in work for a few years .                                           
It ' s not the first time that dogs and their love of tennis balls have been such a hit on social media .                                                 
And also , the uncertainty of it , if you don ' t work , you don ' t earn ... and if you ' re working on a no - win , no - fee basis , then the verdict matters a lot .       
I hoped that people would hear the reason and move on and when I was on the red carpet they wouldn ' t just be thinking about my weight the whole time and focus on my interviews with celebrities instead .               
If you find it unlikely that a picture of a sleeping politician could change the course of a major election , you aren ' t alone .                                           
And a Japanese man won an action against Google because the " auto - complete " feature linked his name to crimes he did not commit .                                           
The report - the first of its kind since the recommendations were first introduced in 1995 - stress that there is no " safe " alcohol limit .                                         
I have done six months in prison , I ' ve done 27 months in total and now they ' ve sentenced me to do a further five years .                                     
The organisations who have bid to deliver this support are from the family and relationship support sector , most of whom have extensive knowledge and experience in delivering family and couple support .                               
He even travelled to Russia to hold talks with President Putin , and made him his personal guest when the Russian leader came to London to watch his country ' s athletes competing in the 2012 London Olympics .                   
In the same interview , he revealed he knows everything about Star Wars 8 : " The biggest thing I want to know ?                                                   
But you told us that if I sent my son to school , his life would be different from mine .                                                       
He met a 20 - year old from the Black Forest region who convinced his girlfriend to go out of the hotel area to see what was going on .                                     
From my husband , to my family , my friends and my colleagues - nobody could do it all alone , and I certainly wouldn ' t try .                                       
In 2009 , Mr Cameron said it would be " crazy " to send his children to fee - paying schools when there should be good state places available .                                     
She ' s got such a big history , with so much of her past life present in her present being .                                                     
From what I could see , the roof had collapsed so I believe the majority of the building has subsequently been destroyed ," he said .                                             
Today her family and friends made an international appeal to help find the rare A - negative blood she needs .                                                       
' He ' s got really nice big eyes and he made me feel comfortable straight away ,' she said .                                                       
" That song in particular was written very quickly for a friend who was not in a good way ," he says .                                                   
That is a part of the solution , though it is not just an economic problem but a political one too .                                                     
If there is a critical mass of population , which you happen to have here , then we invest anyway .                                                       
I have an accounting background and I have been and will continue to help clubs in terms of financial advice , as well as general advice .                                           
The tech giant ' s boss Tim Cook said the Apple Watch sold particularly well in December - possibly because people bought the devices as Christmas presents .                                         
That if I am pulling away a little bit , there ' s probably a good reason why I ' m choosing to do so .                                             
It began with David Cameron heading off to north London to deliver a speech on life chances and social equality .                                                       
" It was very quiet [ and ] I was able to put it over a stick and put it back in the water ," she told the ABC .                                     
It had a huge impact , so the idea of it being done and hopefully not coming back again is amazing ," the student says .                                             
It started because I was just inspired by the love story ... and I wanted to see that kind of love up there .                                                 
He caught the ball and finished it -- I ran back to the bench and said , ' Yes Phil , we got a big that can catch and finish .                                     
That analysis , prepared for a previous owner , said that none of the affected buildings appeared to be eligible for historic protection .                                                 
The sad thing is , 22 , 000 people in Queensland have lost their jobs in the resources sector in the past 12 months , but the press hasn ' t covered it , and the Queensland government has no strategy for those [ lost ] jobs . 
So regardless of what is going on with the Academy , regardless of what is going on in Hollywood , they will find a way to be excellent .                                       
I was armed with a media visa and the backing of the regime - the only Western documentary - maker granted total access to the country ' s hidden , but extremely powerful , propaganda film industry .                     
I just didn ' t think it was right ; people shouldn ' t have to sit back and take that kind of abuse .                                               
The recent increase includes relatively high numbers of killings in June and also in November 2014 when 58 people were killed .                                                     
Dr Hamilton has now been ordered to return to the US , from where he will make a fresh application to continue studying in the UK .                                           
There ' s so much we can do to make the playing field level and in university applications as well .                                                       
In a 40 - page statement explaining their decision , it said the ban prevented the pair from taking part in all kinds of football - related activities , whether on national or international levels .                         
" His policies have been rejected by the American people , but he doesn ' t want to hear that ," he said .                                                 
There was no option presented for Kelly to continue in his coaching job if he gave up control of the personnel department .                                                   
He ' s around us every day and he felt like as good as we can be we weren ' t reaching the potential to this point .                                         
This could potentially go some way to explain why some people are so sure they are going the right way , even when they are wrong .                                           
When he is fit , we will pick him , but at this moment because he didn ' t have one session with the team he ' s not available .                                   
They have offered to assist my officials with further technical analysis to identify solutions to any issues and I have requested that this should be completed for further review by February .                                 
And that says nothing of the talent Kelly showed the door during his three - year run that likely set the franchise back as long , if not longer .                                     
The company has said they will send out a technical expert at the end of next week to assess what happened .                                                     
I ' ve played very well but I don ' t feel any frustration because of it - I just feel happy how I ' m playing .                                         
The changes , to be introduced in 2016 following an awareness campaign for customers , come as part of a review of the industry in response to the entry of new players in the point - to - point transport market like Uber .         
U . S . oil climbed 21 % over the past two days , and it has recovered about half its losses from earlier in the year .                                         
' The sound track and the data have remained the same without change ,' he wrote in a second tweet about moving houses .                                                 
She told the news agency : " I ' ve been a non - person all my life and now is my chance to be myself .                                             
More than 20 children have been rescued from a school bus that became trapped in several feet of flood water after the driver ignored a road closure sign .                                       
Law enforcement ' s soft approach is not immune from criticism , especially when police agencies appear to treat white men with guns one way and black people and suspected Muslim extremists another .                             
Republic of Ireland ( four per match ) and Northern Ireland ( two per match ) fans are not required to be members of a supporters " club .                                       
" That ' s something we don ' t have to consider for a couple of years yet ," he said .                                                     
A big part of travelling is emerging yourself in the culture , imagine if you knew how to do more overseas than just order a beer .                                           
The family of a British man who has gone missing in the Netherlands say they are concerned for his welfare .                                                       
There have been at 18 terror attacks so far this year -- in just January alone , in 2016 , and it will likely , as we all know , get worse .                               
He also said he is the only one who is " willing to talk " about the " problems " with her husband , former President Bill Clinton .                                       
I wouldn ' t say things aren ' t going our way - we ' ve got to be better as a group of players and I ' ve got to be better .                             
I hope I will be easy to work with , but the truth is that I do want my own way .                                                     
Well - educated women and those who want children in the next two years are the most likely to have had sex in the last month , the study found .                                   
The pair remained locked in a stand - off after the Labour leader warned his shadow foreign secretary that he would have to go unless he agreed to back his views on foreign policy in public .                       
The company continued that revenue could fall at least 8 . 6 per cent during the January to March quarter , compared with a year earlier .                                           
U . S . Army veteran Allen Thomas has been searching for his twin children for nearly half a century , and finally , his search is over .                                       
A 48 - hour junior doctor strike scheduled for next week was called off on 19 January , with the British Medical Association claiming " early progress " had been made in negotiations .                             
Scientists have found that learning a second language is easier for some adults than others and differences in how the various parts of the brain ' talk ' to one another may explain why .                           
The building in Liverpool ' s business district was evacuated and roads were closed over fears of a suspect package .                                                       
They say they ' re performing a service to the country , and claim they aren ' t making much money from their tour .                                               
If we find there is something to be concerned about , if someone writes to us and says this is maybe not as it should be , then we will take a look .                             
But after that , and for the remaining three years of the decade , the world will continue to experience even more warming .                                                 
An airport security agent must figure out how to make the relationship work when a beautiful , successful woman falls in love with him .                                               
It ' s not like you ' d give us big ships and we wouldn ' t know what to do with them .                                                 
I will probably continue to use them because I just don ' t have time to go out and meet people .                                                     
" No family should go through the suffering that two Victorian families are going through this week ," Ms Williams said .                                                     
The lack of detail about the accident helped feed speculation in South Korean media that Kim ' s death was suspicious , though South Korean officials declined to comment .                                     
Those who aren ' t familiar with the UN may be surprised to learn how much influence it has over the global system of drug control .                                           
Mr Cameron has repeatedly said he ' rules nothing out ' but is expected to lead the fight to keep Britain in Europe .                                                 
Most victims of sexual or personal violence do not want to go to a police station to report what has happened to them .                                                 
The Wall Street Journal has also reported that the new phone will include a pressure sensitive display , just like the iPhone .                                                   
" I come from a very small farm town in Michigan , and this was my first time in a big city ," he writes .                                             
" We are in the preliminary stages of the investigation and have no further information at this time ," Dallas police said .                                                   
" This album is not so much a tribute to my father as it is to Latin music ," she said in a statement at the time .                                         
But in terms of what it means to me , I ' m just so happy that I ' m enjoying what I ' m doing .                                           
United Airlines subsequently worked to get those passengers back in the air so they could get to Colorado , the airline spokesman said .                                                 
It was the start of half term and he was staying with his father , but told him he was going to his friend Tom ' s to build a new server .                               
But the tough part is that so much of this fantasy is about me not knowing what ' s going to happen .                                                   
This is about children that are going to sit down and they ' re going to watch this show and they ' re not going to see themselves represented .                                     
Sometimes it would last for as long as three days , with me only getting out of bed for a drink of water or to force down something to eat .                                   
It ' s a job for a certain type of person , and a certain type of female ... changing the selection processes just isn ' t the right way to get female numbers up .                         
However , the Tory minister later told the Scottish Affairs committee that he would listen to concerns and take them to the prime minister .                                               
You know , the ones you look through when you ' re certain you want to end a relationship , only to see all the good things you had forgotten about .                                 
My friend told me about this trip , and I think It ' s good for my life , to change my life , I don ' t want to stay where the war is - in my country .                 
She said : " They would sit together holding hands all day long and my dad would be constantly telling staff that he loved her .                                               
The company said Monday it was raising its profit estimate for 2016 from 5 . 90 - 6 . 20 euros per share to 6 . 00 - 6 . 40 euros per share .                           
An estimated 6 . 3 million people in South Africa are HIV - positive , with more than one in 10 people living with the virus .                                           
Now two of the three greatest players of the modern era , if not ever , find themselves meeting in the semi final of the Australian Open .                                         
If you think that because you give me some benefits , I must listen to you , then the next time when someone else will get to power what do you do ?                               
However , he warned England that they cannot think seriously about winning a competition if they keep getting excited by any player who scores two goals .                                           
Even if you did not encourage what was happening to your daughters , at the very least you turned a blind eye to it .                                               
When I ' m back [ in Los Angeles ], I ' m going to ask [ them ] to let me speak for five minutes on the lack of diversity .                                 
It was about that time in your life when your friends are your family - once you have a family there ' s no need any more .                                         
Britain ' s Royal Society of Arts is a large , long - established social research body , which seeks to find innovative , practical solutions to today ' s social challenges .                               
He said : ' She was surprised I was concerned , she never thought there was a problem and it has never been a problem for her .                                           
There ' ll probably be fewer investors - the ones who can ' t get a loan due to higher interest rates will drop out .                                             
Nearly three months later , no arrests have been made in the case and police have not identified any potential suspects .                                                     
" But life was a constant struggle to recover from the trauma of being locked up alone for 23 hours a day ," the president wrote .                                           
Facebook makes money from targeted advertising , using the wealth of knowledge it has on its users , but also from payments and a few other areas .                                         
In July 2013 he decided he no longer wanted to battle a knee injury and retired from football at the age of 28 .                                                 
I ' ve done all I can to put my hand up to get back in there , but I ' m actually quite happy to be home and be able to rest and catch up with my family again .               
" In the first set I wasn ' t there , but the second and third sets I do think were very close ," Murray said .                                           
In exchange , residents would receive another plot nearby : a third of the size of the land they gave up , but according to him , worth much more with the knock - on effects of the smart city .               
The letter by Sir Bruce was sent and made public in the week after the Paris terror attacks in November last year , causing a storm of protest from junior doctors .                                 
But he has no been found in Aberdeen and is safe and well , despite previous fears for his safety .                                                       
Potter is an expert on election laws , including the ballot access issues critical to a third - party effort .                                                       
The drop is due to a sharp cut in its rate in February last year , followed by yet another reduction in December .                                                 
After he was cleared he said ' I might go and have a drink ' before he was seen celebrating at a nearby hotel with family and friends .                                       
She said she was in frequent contact with her son , and spoke to him as recently as last Monday .                                                       
About three years later , I was going to do a special for CBS if I could get a top guest .                                                     
The 29 - year - old driver is not known to local intelligence services , a source close to the investigation said .                                                   
I want to improve my serve because it ' s not very strong , but now I feel that it ' s better .                                                 
But it was called off after the union said last week ' s strike had sent a ' clear message ' to the Government and called for the focus to return to negotiations .                             
When you get $ 600 , 000 for a speaking engagement , I mean that ' s more than I ' ve made in my entire lifetime .                                         
In 2012 / 13 around 20 , 000 South Australians signed up to switch electricity retailers and saved on average 15 . 5 per cent from their bills .                                       
These include charging second home owners council tax at double the current total rate , under plans due to come into force this year .                                               
She does not need one and she ' s seen enough ' done ' faces in her chair to be put off the look for life .                                           
That number was only 150 throughout 2014 , and experts put the huge rise down to the spread of the virus .                                                     
You always have to consider people the closest because 90 % of the time it ' s going to be the people that are closest to our victims that committed crime against them .                             
The orders were blocked when 26 states , led by Texas , filed suit in lower courts against the Obama administration .                                                     
Every engineer we have got has got a product to work on so we want to do projects for ourselves , not for other people .                                             
By the age of three , some children have heard three million more words spoken to them than others , as some parents fail to talk to their children .                                     
My biggest rescue ever was in 2012 when we heard about this plot of land that was going to be cleared .                                                     
The official said the worry is they are doing this so they can return to Europe to potentially carry out attacks .                                                     
They dispute claims the shake - up will save money , arguing it will actually cost more to begin with .                                                       
They haven ' t been together all that long , but they are not getting any younger and they are both ready for kids .                                               
One thing we did learn is this : if they aren ' t ready to get help , then there ' s nothing you can do .                                           
In the final three months of last year it reported a 3 . 7 percent fall in revenue per seat .                                                       
At the same time she was concerned about the amount of letters and contact she was receiving from charities and we are sure she would have been very upset to know her details were being shared or sold by some charities she had agreed to support .   
December ' s strong job growth in California lines up with robust jobs numbers announced earlier this month for the U . S . overall .                                             
I ' d like to think if he finds the right group 1 and gets everything going his way he ' ll be very hard to beat .                                         
I ' ve just spent an hour trapped in a room with a woman who I am pretty sure was trying to kill me .                                               
We knew that the show was coming and we saw it as a huge opportunity to get our name out there .                                                     
I look at the whole squad and they ' ve got about 30 players out on loan and younger players in need of an opportunity to play and their first team won the Premier League last year .                     
Later , they ran into each other again on the street and wound up dating a year but it didn ' t work out .                                               
His work will help us better understand the complex process of cell division , and some of the ways this can go wrong in cancer .                                             
A survey found that the vast majority of people support the establishment of a public register showing whether the world ' s largest people support the establishment of a public register showing whether the world ' s largest firms pay UK taxes .           
The 36 - year - old was found dead in his cell on Wednesday but his death was not announced until today .                                                   
The 30 - year - old will have some extra inspiration to perform on court , after the birth of his second child earlier this week .                                           
Its failure to deal with illegal levels of air pollution , which causes thousands of early deaths in London every year , is a scandal .                                             
Maybe because you have no choice : Some cards aimed at people with poor credit carry fees because these customers are considered high - risk .                                             
This is beginning to look a significant season , the first in which at least two " big clubs ," and possibly three , go down .                                           
And if you did get terrorist activity coming in on the back of it , it would be a huge political problem .                                                   
But he also said that in some cases refugees may not have stayed in Germany but instead gone on to a different country elsewhere in the EU .                                         
" People are always surprised they receive something in the mail as long as it ' s not a bill ," he said .                                                 
The right place , right time and right conditions - we ' re going to see more Test cricket played in the evening .                                                 
They ' ve got to kick the goals , that ' s their job , we expect them to kick them , not all the time , but certainly kick some of the ones they ' ve missed the last couple of weeks .         
I ' ve gone on record many times saying that it doesn ' t mean anything to me ," he said .                                                     
When the group who stopped to help said they were calling police to let them deal with it , Lee got a gun and opened fire on them .                                       
If you live in Italy , we ' d also like to know what you think about the upcoming debate and how the vote will affect you .                                         
" The holiday season , generally , represents a time when family and friends reflect and give thanks ," she says .                                                     
The former mayor said he was ' quite good on building stuff ' and would want an infrastructure job in a future Labour cabinet .                                               
It comes at a time when the subject is widely ignored by the political classes - and even David Cameron failed to mention immigration in his New Year address yesterday .                                   
Just because you ' ve had a good regular season you [ still ] have to perform on the big stage .                                                     
We may only be five days into the New Year , but Britain ' s top executives will have been paid more than the average annual salary of a UK worker by the end of today , new findings suggest .               
Every day I ' m on the phone or in the studio or on the road , and I still can ' t break even .                                             
The reality is that there isn ' t enough money going into the NHS for it to do its job properly .                                                     
The Conservative party tested the theory to destruction 20 years ago but it seems that they have learned nothing from the mistakes of the past .                                             
In Washington , more than 17 inches according to the weather service , making at this time fourth largest storm in history .                                                   
Only 33 percent of Americans reported that they could even read privacy policies for the services they were using , and out of that group , only 16 percent took the chance to actually read them .                       
One of the easy things that consumers can do is ask for cheese and dressing on the side when they order .                                                     
The first set I wasn ' t there but the second and third sets I do think were very close - and I do think I could have played a bit better .                               
The opponents also made a big difference - Test series involving stronger nations such as South Africa and England generally attract larger crowds .                                                 
Three - quarters win permission to settle , at which point they can bring in relatives from their home countries .                                                       
" We ' ve had one or two offers in that haven ' t been accepted ," said the former Celtic boss .                                                   
" It was a joke with the 50 - 50 game tonight , how many loose balls they came up with ," Paul said .                                               
Because if they saw me breaking down on the pitch - and there was a worry in my head that could happen - it would explain a few things rather than me having to explain it afterwards .                     
It is a matter for each of them to consider , and their position - for once - might not be uniform .                                                   
The problem was not too much detail and not enough vision - as far as the voters were concerned he was not offering enough of either .                                           
President Obama has generally had trouble getting Congress to act on his State of the Union proposals over the years .                                                       
And state regulators were aware of the situation at the largest gas storage field in the West but said they were limited in their ability to stop it .                                       
To ignore or cover up what ' s happening to the region ' s Kurdish population would only confirm the widely held belief in the south - east that when it comes to police and military operations against Kurdish armed groups , there are no limits .   
But when it comes to competing and making plays when we needed to make them , it was probably as good as it gets .                                               
It is a dream come true for him to play in the Premier League for a club who have targeted him for a long period .                                             
A referendum on whether the UK should remain within the EU or leave is set to be held before the end of 2017 .                                                 
Google is paying Apple $ 1 billion per year to keep iPhone users searching its site , according to new court documents .                                                   
We would take them to a place where there would be everything they wanted ... but first they had to agree to do what we wanted .                                           
It ' s where the real internet can be found , but it ' s somewhere few of us care to look .                                                   
But I was so desperate to find out what happened next that I forced myself to get through , book after book .                                                   
But still , we could have won this match , and I had the feeling we could do that also in the final minutes .                                               
The Prince of Wales has said people " didn ' t see the point " when he set up his charity , The Prince ' s Trust .                                         
Workers ' lives are going be a key issue during the next federal election ; Turnbull told us this during his press conference .                                                 
Her holiday to Turkey had given her the taste for foreign travel , but she decided she needed more than a holiday ; she needed an entire change of life .                                   
What people don ' t understand is that , for kids , limits are necessary to make them feel safe .                                                       
" The Coalition party room , this is when Mr Abbott was prime minister , made a decision that the matter would be put to the people , that the people would decide ," he said .                       
But the industry wants new faces and debut writers , so I know a lot of author friends my age who have been dropped .                                               
" There is no phone reception out there and they could be running out of food or have run into a medical emergency ," he said .                                           
I took my salary and handed it all over to my child - care because I wanted my little girls ( aged 1 and 2 ) to know I would always provide for them and girls are very powerful things to be .           
It ' s right up there ... to start off ( the year ) like this , it ' s what I want to be doing .                                           
He said that if women failed to improve their English , their " ability to stay in the UK " could be affected .                                                 
Just go to an Asian market and you ' ll find most all of those things , in one form or another .                                                   
People , there are people who think it ' s a little odd for a third Bush to be president of the United States .                                               
" We were simply ... enjoying an experience of self - discovery , and this happened to be our chosen method ," she told Public Radio International in May .                                     
We have become the go - to place for tennis in this country , and we needed to be able to take it to the next level .                                         
We ' ve had over 4 , 000 people contact us in the first two days and register an interest with us .                                                   
The Republican governor said the funding will provide immediate resources in Flint , but is not the end of state assistance .                                                     
" It can only encourage yet more young men to make aggressive efforts to get across the Channel ," he said .                                                     
But Mr Wilson was confident the business would return to normal trading levels in the second half of the 2016 financial year .                                                   
I ' ve had bad years where I ' ve thought it ' s not going to get worse than this and sometimes you go out and enjoy it .                                     
To learn that you might then be asked to pay extra for everyday behaviour like having a partner stay over or cooking a meal is shocking .                                           
The development was unprecedented since the Raiders and Rams left the country ' s second - largest market after the 1994 season .                                                   
The firm added that Mr Kelly had previously complained in 2013 and said it should have been put right at the time .                                                   
I thought I ' d give myself to the end of 2014 , and if I ' m still not enjoying it then that will be it , I won ' t waste my time trying .                       
In the end , people love the entertainment part of cricket , but there is also a respect and that is also part of playing the game - on and off the field - in the right spirit .                   
The most dangerous road in the world - a true highway to hell that has taken a toll of numerous lives in recent years - is in Turkey .                                       
" It ' s been kind of slow , but the good thing is that every day has been a baby step forward ," Turner said .                                           
However , less than a year later they ' re asking hospitals to draw up plans to reduce staff numbers .                                                       
Following junior doctors " clear message to the Government during last week ' s action , our focus is now on building on early progress made in the current set of talks ," he said .                         
A lot of people lost houses and jobs and most people still , in our country at least , didn ' t really know why .                                             
And so there ' s still clearly a big battle to fight to get women voices as directors to be in the same equal position as men .                                         
In particular , there was a large group of between 10 and 20 young people at McDonald ' s shortly before the incident happened .                                               
The full - time mother , who had lived in the house for seven years , said : ' I am still in shock at what ' s happened but it ' s just a relief that we weren ' t at home at the time .     
For now , the cars will automatically pull over and wait out the storm , or test drivers will take over control , the company writes .                                           
One way to get round this is buy longer - lasting foods in the supermarket and buy fresh things in local markets .                                                   
The writer was so impressed with his own effort , he told Chris Carter it was the best work he would ever do for the series .                                           
To the girls ' credit , we played some pretty good stuff for four quarters and in those circumstances , that ' s all you can ask for .                                       
UK clubs still have 45 million visits a year , and the game ' s followers are getting younger every year .                                                     
In an initial estimate , the European Union ' s statistics agency found that annual consumer price inflation held steady at 0 . 2 percent .                                             
They will talk to teachers , politicians and others about what can be done to improve their experience of learning .                                                       
Ms Edwards , who was interviewed for an hour as part of the review , told The Sun : " Of course the BBC knew what he was doing .                                       
At least 15 people have died as a result of the storm -- six in North Carolina , three in Virginia , one in Kentucky , three in New York City , one in Maryland and one in Washington .                 
' I ' d not given him my contact details , he must have used the bank ' s information to track me down .                                               
The pressure has only increased with new statistics showing the prison population rose 12 per cent in 2015 to hit a record of 12 , 100 inmates .                                         
It ' s about a group of migrants who come under attack as they try to cross the border from Mexico to the United States .                                             
I was just very happy that I was able to take advantage of certain key points in the match and keep my momentum going .                                               
Despite public support for his cause , he could face a jail term under French law he could serve up to five years in prison or face fines up to £ 20 , 000 .                           
He knows he has a huge amount of work to do on his keeping , we can ' t afford to keep putting down those chances that he put down in this series .                             
It ' s , in a lot of aspects , already there and there are a number of players that are essentially full - time players now .                                         
At one point he was worried whether he would make it across the car park and as far as the home dressing room , never mind on to the pitch .                                   
Unfortunately , when you come to plan all this stuff , it can ' t be done on the fly .                                                       
" That ' s why I know I ' ve got to be focused and locked in every time I go out there ," he said .                                           
But he said he did not feel he could make the same time commitment in a second term that he had in the first .                                               
Russian airstrikes have killed more civilians than ISIS fighters since the country began its bombing campaign in Syria late last year , it has been claimed .                                           
Christopher argues that more hiring and wage growth , low inflation , more home price gains and greater consumer confidence should boost spending this year .                                             
We are a rich country and it is out duty to care for those who come here and search for help .                                                     
He ' s a stunning - looking man and the fact we have the luxury of him with no shirt on is a great thing for viewers !                                         
Police caught one of them just before 11 . 30pm the next day , while the other was returned to the centre by his parents about 4 . 30pm on Sunday .                                 
Asked whether she would contact police , she said ' yes , yes ' before saying she no longer wanted to speak to the media .                                             
But nuclear experts have questioned whether the size of the blast was large enough to have been from an H - bomb .                                                   
The Taliban have stepped up attacks across the country over the past year , following the formal end of the U . S . and NATO combat mission .                                       
Much of the subsequent reporting of the various parties ' election campaign spending highlighted that the " Ed Stone costs " had not been revealed .                                             
The plan involves the creation of some 500 , 000 short - term jobs , funded by € 2 billion ($ 3 . 1 billion ) worth of donations and international contributions , according to a report in the Associated Press .             
With the score 31 - 7 in favor of the home side , he was on hand to receive a short pass and run under the posts .                                         
" We will never accept anything arrived at in secret and based on the evidence not tested in an open court of law ," he said .                                           
The passport would not have allowed her into the UK and she left John behind to make his way to Britain .                                                     
The new policy will allow people who claim mental health problems are preventing them from finding work to access more support .                                                     
I get to live in the Caribbean , instead of saving all year to pay for a week to come here .                                                     
But while the continent can no longer be considered poor overall , poverty is still a widespread issue , and huge differences remain from country to country .                                         
I am very calm and keen to keep fighting , to move forward and to stand up to Madrid which always has tried to stop this country from moving ahead .                                   
One game on free - to - air TV is OK but the league needs more than that to reach its full potential .                                                 
And at that point they ' ve got this thing going on around them , just this crazy amount of violence , and people like them are getting pulled in .                                   
Financial experts say consumers should only sign up for retail store credit cards if they pay off their balance every month .                                                     
The food shop cost around £ 55 for the week , which is about half the amount we would spend normally !                                                     
The issue may simply be that the players - or those in this squad - are not quite good enough .                                                       
According to the Financial Times , the plan is likely to be put forward by the commission in March - but will face strong resistance .                                             
Rather , banks we are talking to are looking at it as a value - add - they might give it to high - net - worth individuals as a gift .                                 
While much of the attention has focused on whether the Scottish National Party will win an unprecedented third term - which looks more likely with every passing day - the race for second place is becoming increasingly tight .                   
" It was a fairly typical day for me , as my children do lots of activities ," she says .                                                       
I don ' t know if you ' re trying to create a story about that match or for that matter any of the matches of the top players losing in the early rounds .                           
The club is yet to release any official communication , but did post its support for the players on social media .                                                     
From his door , he points out one former council property now owned by an American , who has a share - trading business in his garden shed .                                       
A state of emergency has been declared in Tennessee , North Carolina , Virginia , Maryland , Pennsylvania , the District of Columbia , New Jersey , New York and parts of other states .                           
So it also shows you that the work is what ' s important , because that ' s what ' s going to stand for years , not an award .                                   
People living in a flat above the post office , believed to include two children , were evacuated but are not thought to have been injured .                                           
For the second year in a row , no actors of colour have been nominated for best actor or best actress awards .                                                   
But they said in the interviews that a fifth person , whose first name they said is Jake , was arrested after he left early Thursday with the belief that he would not be .                           
The report was made in person , and everyone did as they have been trained to do , Jones said .                                                       
" You take odds that were really , really small before , and now they ' re nearly twice as small as they were before ," he said .                                       
' So it ' s a slow process and I feel like there ' s a lot to fight against because discrimination against transgender women is everywhere .                                         
The train left London at 3 . 30pm on Monday afternoon , but not long after entering French soil , it was forced to pull to the side of the track and power was cut .                         
The club is currently investigating the cause of Wednesday night ' s delays as a priority , to ensure any difficulties experienced are not repeated at future home matches .                                     
In September last year , Brown ' s scheduled December tour of Australia was cancelled when the Australian government refused him a visa based on his domestic violence record .                                     
" I struggle to get my nine - year - old to sit down and read or write ," she said .                                                     
Under her , Labour took back Glasgow East having lost it in a by - election defeat by the SNP in 2008 .                                                   
Trump hit a record - high 39 percent support in December , and Rubio hit his high - water mark of 14 percent in mid - November .                                         
The Oval Test has few left and Lord ' s is subject to the usual ballot which is open until 6 January .                                                   
He said the decades between the alleged abuse and his client ' s reporting of it was not unusual in these types of cases .                                               
Jeremy Corbyn has called for refugees based at camps on northern France to be let into the UK if they have ties to Britain .                                               
But if we don ' t do something about their problems , they will become everyone ' s problems ," they wrote .                                                   
We are the only European country not to have one , and there is no more time to be lost .                                                       
' I ' m not saying I went for him - we all went for him , we all just seemed to pick the same moment .                                           
The Associated Press on Tuesday obtained a copy of the panel ' s annual report , which has not been released publicly .                                                   
So I know I won ' t be the only woman on the wrong side of 40 to welcome the latest sea change in the fashion world .                                         
We were getting there with her until the beginning of last year and once that stuff happened at school , it was just massive .                                               
I want to know where is that vehicle now , where has it been since New Year ' s Eve and who was using the vehicle on New Year ' s Eve .                               
The work could " throw light on the lives of ordinary people " outside London , where most previous large studies of this era have been carried out , he said .                                 
This is my daughter -- for me , my child , my - all of my life - and you killed her ," he said in tears .                                         
According to People , son Israel David was more than a week late when he was born on April 6 .                                                       
The woman ' s husband was driving her to the hospital early Monday when they realized they weren ' t going to make it .                                               
The Paris attacks , which left 130 dead and hundreds wounded , were carried out in the name of the Islamic State group largely by French and Belgian extremists .                                     
Africa , as a whole , has a population smaller than China , and a total GDP which is half that of a small country like France .                                         
The private - hire taxi driver said : " The past six days have been the worst of my life , since my father died 35 years ago .                                         
He denied he had ignored an initial legal letter to remove the comments and said he had been given two weeks to respond .                                                 
" I feel confident in telling you now that what the president does announce will be the kinds of actions in which we have confidence that they are within the legal ability of the United States to carry out these actions ," he told reporters .     
Speaking to the Washington Post , Evans revealed that he took to selling crack cocaine in his youth to support his family as his mother struggled to meet monthly bills .                                   
She had her son Matthew just a week after the 2001 election but was back speaking in the Commons just ten days after giving birth .                                             
He has acknowledged that elections in May for the Scottish Parliament , Welsh Assembly and English councils , as well as the election of a new London Mayor , will be an important test of his leadership and standing with the public .           
Hillary and Bill Clinton embrace during a victory rally in St Louis , Missouri , on the night he was elected US president in 1992 .                                             
As of this writing , the market had experienced a sharp two - day drop , so a fourth - quarter net asset gain is not a given - but it is highly likely .                           
There , they climbed to the top and walked to the edge of the building to take pictures - all without any safety equipment .                                               
" This is the problem , a lot of the influence is coming from overseas via the internet ," said one officer .                                                   
A Police Scotland spokeswoman said : " This has been a serious road traffic collision which has resulted in two people losing their lives .                                                 
Police do not believe all 1 , 000 men were involved in the attacks , though they have not said how many were .                                                 
I ' m not sure if I ' ll do Taylor songs or not because I ' m sort of scared of the harsh comparison between us ,' she said .                                   
During her remarks just hours before in the same town in eastern Iowa , Clinton only mentioned Sanders twice Saturday .                                                       
Now , thanks to their soon - to - be - published book , they are set to become the go - to experts for thousands more .                                         
If an Australian hospital made such an offer then it would be considered , but as you know Thailand has much more experience in this kind of surgery than any other country .                               
I ' d taken the path away from it and then realised that this was the way I had to go .                                                     
Saudi Arabia does not appear on either list despite having one of the worst human rights records in the Middle East .                                                     
Still , the effort is part of Ryan ' s attempt to contrast Republicans with the agenda of Obama and the left .                                                   
Although Twitter hasn ' t - and seemingly doesn ' t have any plans - to reduce the character limit on public tweets , it has made sharing content easier this year .                               
The latest results show just how much they have bought into the social network ' s message that it offers a unique way to connect with consumers and learn everything about them .                               
The lawsuit also asks that the two companies provide an accounting of the money they collected from consumers in New York who played any of their games .                                         
There is a large yellow area in the center that is about the size of New York State and is home to more than 100 million people .                                         
The Met Office has issued a severe weather warning covering most of Wales , north - west England and West Scotland .                                                     
I ' m focused on my work because I don ' t live in a good moment but I don ' t know what will happen .                                           
The greatest experience of my life has been the birth of my child and it is something that no father should have to miss .                                               
I believed in my players , at 2 - 2 at half time I believed we would go on to win the game .                                                 
That can only make you a better as a player because when you know you ' re position isn ' t safe , you ' ve got to fight for it .                                 
At first , they wanted to take me to the German embassy , but after a while I was released without anything further happening .                                               
As such the Met investigation into potential physical and sexual abuse has now concluded , although , as with any investigation , should any further information come to light it will be fully considered .                           
I ' ve loved every minute of playing for Australia , wearing the green and gold - and not just when we play Davis Cup .                                             
" The fastest person did it in under an hour - but he owns an escape room in Sydney ," Mount says with a smile .                                             
A state of emergency remains in place across the country following the attacks , with police and soldiers flooding all major cities and towns .                                               
The best solution is one where you can both sleep and where you can keep what you love about a shared bed , and leave the behind the things that you don ' t .                           
It shows the man appearing to be talking with another woman , when a younger woman runs at him and attacks him .                                                   
No I know there were two of them , but it ' s not my fault if they want to share the money , is it ?                                           
Since then , Ms Brown had been growing her hair out , with the hopes that she would not have to take that step again .                                             
People nearby are running out of gas , and many have been without food and water for a long time .                                                       
Five teenagers were found to be in the car and were trapped for a short time before being taken to hospital in a critical condition .                                             
Bush and Christie will keep the GOP establishment divided for too long and Cruz , who has tens of millions of dollars in reserve , will be set to take advantage of this unprecedented moment .                         
A judge later ruled the terms fell short of minimum sentences that require them to serve about four more years .                                                       
Police said earlier this week that information had been passed to them from another organisation - although did not name the charity .                                                   
At present , Trump leads every single poll of potential Republican candidates , with the backing of between 35 and 40 per cent of the party ' s supporters , across the U . S .                         
Victoria said : ' It ' s a long time , nearly three years , and he must have grown up .                                                       
In the past Mr Wilson has argued everyone should have access to guns , saying : " I recognise the tool might be used to harm other people ... it ' s a gun .                             
William , Kate and their son Prince George are on a three - week tour of New Zealand and Australia .                                                       
With no official tour game planned , the match will be the closest thing to a Test warm - up .                                                       
I don ' t know how long it went on for , or even if you could call it an affair .                                                     
Donald Trump , the 2016 Republican presidential candidate , has won an important endorsement from America ' s far - right .                                                     
The men first attempted to get into the car of another woman , but she locked herself inside her vehicle .                                                       
One of the things I hope and believe we ' ve done well on this show is the majority of [ our ] directors are women , women of color .                                   
So much press has been given to Dylan that few who care don ' t already know about this set .                                                       
The one thing I do remember is that first time that she tried to move the car I felt the weight shift a bit .                                               
People arriving in the UK in need of protection usually have to apply for asylum - and if this is granted they get ' refugee ' status .                                         
A false conviction isn ' t about lost time ; it ' s the loss of an education , a marriage , the chance to start a family , settle into a job and build a pension .                     
You can still throw the ball in that , you just have to protect the ball , be smart with it , and that ' s what we plan on doing .                                 
This summer , they may end up making it instead as refugee athletes competing in the Olympic Games for a flag rather than a nation .                                             
But you really don ' t see the Earth ' s system as a whole being affected until the second half of the 20th century and beyond .                                         
You get an audience of 120 million for the super bowl , they ' re starting to release this , the trend , release them early .                                           
But despite a number of follow - up calls from us , we have received no response from John Lewis .                                                       
Britain has been asked to send troops to guard Europe ' s borders as authorities on the continent struggle to cope with the migrant crisis .                                             
" There ' s been life on this planet for 3 . 5 billion years ," he told CBS News .                                                       
I ' m getting to do what I ' ve always wanted to do , which is perform and travel and it ' s now at a level that is global .                                 
She is believed to be considering returning to Britain , although she will need the legal approval of her child ' s father to leave the country with her child .                                   
I said in there , I ' m angry , I ' m frustrated , and we elected a Republican Senate and a Republican House and they ' ve done nothing .                                 
There ' s a lot of talent in our area but we lack proper facilities for children to play and get trained .                                                   
The most common places for exposure were public areas , including restaurants and parks , where about 35 % of study participants reported being exposed .                                             
I believe I would be a terrible person if I didn ' t do everything in my power to prevent this from happening to another child .                                           
They have a really powerful voice and their stories to tell ... This is a tool for them to make their stories heard in the whole world , hopefully .                                     
New ways to fight against counter terrorism will be discussed by President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull during his current visit to the US .                                           
So there has been a lot going on , probably more going on in the last 12 months than might have gone on in many years put together .                                       
One very significant concern is that it seems possible it could move into other parts of the world with vulnerable populations .                                                     
The entire lead up to this debate was talking about whether Donald Trump is going to show up for the next debate .                                                   
In the next game , Murray had three points to lead 6 - 5 and thus force Djokovic at least to serve to stay in the set .                                         
There ' s still some uncertainty about what effect a weekend storm will have on southern New England , but officials are preparing for the worst .                                           
There will not necessarily be a repeat now , but Cameron has been forced to do what he pledged never to do .                                                   
The vast majority of serving army soldiers do a first class job in protecting this country , but the evidence shows that this is by no means the case for all .                                 
The man , who cannot be named for legal reasons , today admitted to the early morning attacks on Melbourne ' s County Court and the Catholic Church ' s headquarters .                                 
It would sort of be like telling the Carolina Panthers they aren ' t allowed to play in the Super Bowl because they are too good .                                           
The home was originally listed for $ 35 million in 2013 , but he cut the price twice before finally selling .                                                     
But in the short - term much can be achieved to improve the lives of those locked out of the housing market and left behind by public policy .                                       
" National tax authorities cannot give any company , however large , however powerful an unfair competitive advantage compared to others ," she said .                                               
Labour ' s leader met members of the shadow cabinet and other MPs for one - on - one meetings today and yesterday in a bit to change his top team .                                 
Though the idea was always to shoot her things and not the actress herself , the trick was to give the objects a human quality .                                             
" We can ' t wait around until July when we have a convention " and pick a presidential nominee , he added .                                                 
We realise there aren ' t many people who would have backed us to get to this point at the start of the season and we have to be pleased that we ' ve done enough to get to this point .             
And if you do it better then the public will like it , and whatever it is you ' re creating will be successful ," he says .                                         
" Labour wants to see a constitutional convention set up so the country can shape a new settlement ," he said .                                                     
The current needs are only less than 60 percent funded , so we need more money on the table ; but we also need the ability to deliver that on the ground .                               
If he can , he should laugh it off and thank God that he would never get upset about such a minor incident .                                                 
Research suggests only one in 10 people come to Northern Ireland for the food experience , fewer still from the Republic of Ireland .                                                 
You really didn ' t go out of your office because they had 26 people asking you for something without an appointment , just trying to grab you .                                       
It took about 65 fire crews , with the support of five water - bombing aircraft , about five hours to control the fire .                                               
First things first , someone ' s got to want me , so hopefully teams do want me back and it ' s an experience I can have again .                                     
This year they have scored 11 more tries than Queensland , regarded as one of the competition ' s most attractive attacking teams , in winning the Australian conference title .                                   
There is a strong belief that pain is affected by the weather , but nobody has been able to work it out .                                                   
So , the Prime Minister of Israel doesn ' t like the President and has decided dealing with this administration in no walk in the park .                                           
A couple of years back I was invited to throw out the opening pitch for the Cubs in Chicago on the first day of the season .                                           
' I don ' t understand why a four - year - old needs a label and why common sense isn ' t applied to it .                                           
The technology is already available on top - end luxury cars and some performance models but will become more widespread in 2016 and beyond .                                               
" The way they ' ve come into the side it doesn ' t feel any different to the other guys that were in the side ," he said .                                     
Meanwhile the Greek prosecutor has brought criminal charges against five international charity workers for allegedly helping migrants enter the country .                                                       
Yet the impact that leaving the EU would have on the UK ' s environmental standards rarely features in discussions about the referendum .                                                 
This is why we ' ve made sure most victims only have to provide evidence of domestic abuse once in the lifetime of their case .                                             
Obama will then point to the first lady ' s box at the address where an empty seat will represent the victims of gun violence .                                             
At an earlier hearing she claimed the action by the authority was only brought against her after a press campaign led by her neighbours .                                               
It comes up now and again , but in general , they just want to sit there and be left alone .                                                     
It was a little Irish film , but it really represented a moment for me when independent films came on the radar as academy - attention kind of films .                                     
That price will get you a pass for two days , which allows you to visit one park per day .                                                       
The administration estimated the new pay - reporting requirements will cost less than $ 400 per employer the first year and a few hundred dollars per year after that .                                     
I think I used the off - season very well to train to get my body in the right shape , and I think it was a very good start .                                   
A Canadian man , held by the Taliban in Afghanistan since 2010 , has been released , Canada ' s government announced Monday .                                                 
If you find yourself in the same boat , focus on your feelings first , not your diet and exercise plan .                                                     
After a trouble - free start to the season , the Tigers will be forced to make at least three changes at the selection table tomorrow .                                           
Meanwhile , the Department for International Development will use the aid budget to create a fund of up to £ 10 million to support the needs of ' vulnerable ' migrant children in Europe .                           
For significant service to the community through social welfare organisations as an advocate for equity , human rights and social justice .                                                     
Sport might still draw the crowds , the TV audiences and the advertising dollars and become even bigger than it already is .                                                   
CNN is not using her last name at her request and in keeping with a policy not to identify victims of sexual abuse .                                                 
After that they slowly start to get longer again , but the real change isn ' t felt until April or May , when the sun returns to being high in the sky .                             
So every month we ' d get an email through saying you ' re going to go here , there , playing this ... but we ' re a tiny band of course , so we ' re getting £ 50 a night .         
" The three points are crucial at this moment in time , especially when teams slip up as well ," he said .                                                   
' Even by my usual standards , I ' ll admit this is a rather extreme way of saving money ,' he said .                                                 
" I don ' t think they could do it any other time of the year except the roads were blocked off and there weren ' t many cars ," she said .                               
One company , at least , doesn ' t think it should skin an elderly customer just because it can probably get away with it .                                             
The Syrian government controls the military airport in the city , but activists claim the limited amount of aid that gets in typically goes to army officers and their allies , who sell it on the black market .                   
But hair loss is just one more thing about having cancer that you think you won ' t be able to handle .                                                   
Last week , fellow technology giant Twitter also suffered service problems when the social media site went down for more than six hours due to a problem with the code that runs the service .                           
There has been speculation that some would have resigned from their posts if they had been forced to campaign for an " in " vote .                                             
A Beijing Capital International Airport Public Security Bureau official told reporters they have not received an alarm from any airline or passengers , and the incident is under investigation .                                     
The start is like a horse race - if you don ' t get into a good position early , your race is essentially over .                                             
The early consensus in Australia is that Turnbull has stepped back a little from the great and powerful friend , striking a more independent pose .                                             
Authorities are currently playing catch - up , as it was revealed they had a 16 - hour window between when they broke free and when guards realized they had gone .                                 
The officers would take him at his word , deliver him to a mental health facility where the facility would write a diagnosis which is known in that community as a label for likely drug use , and they would release him .           
While waiting times will always be a priority , our members will continue to work hard to improve the quality of care , and people ' s health and well - being in the future .                         
It ' s one of those things you try not to think about it because there ' s a game on the line that you ' ve got to win .                                   
Who really believes that the Dodgers are a better team now than a year ago , when they were knocked out in the first round of the playoffs ?                                       
I ' m going to be carrying on doing my job exactly as before , which is speaking for Labour on foreign policy , supporting Jeremy Corbyn and campaigning really hard to get Labour elected at the next general election .               
It was my dream to have a house like this but you don ' t get permission in France to build a house like this .                                             
But there appears to have been no intelligence link - British or Russian - in Mr West ' s death .                                                       
It estimates there are 100 , 000 pieces half that size , 600 , 000 between a third of an inch and four inches across and hundreds of millions less than a third of an inch in size .                   
An election was due later that year and he could not promise to serve another term if he won it .                                                       
We have to do our best - all the countries in Europe , including Britain - to reach out and help these children and help these people .                                         
The combination of that , and our shot - making was just not there all night , we just lost a little bit of our edge .                                           
The forward is holding out for a deal worth £ 80 , 000 a week , but the club are refusing to accept such an increase and talks are now on hold .                               
The 40 - year - old added that the driver of the car didn ' t even realise what he had done .                                                   
We thank Michael for all of his contributions to this successful franchise and look forward to continuing to develop projects with him as part of our ongoing development deal .                                     
In any job , if you have a bad minute , you don ' t let it become a bad day or week .                                                 
But the Google agreement could be seen as a " success " in so far as it would help to change the behaviour of other large companies , he said .                                   
My job is to sentence you according to the law and to try , so far as the law can , to find the appropriate punishment for these three serious offences .                                 
He still wasn ' t sure whether he could bring up another man ' s child , although I hoped he would come round .                                               
But with abortion illegal across most of the region , there are few options for those who are already pregnant .                                                       
It was no surprise , even four hours later , police were able to work out you were nearly twice the ( drink drive ) limit .                                           
Yet it ' s hard to shake the sense that something big is missing from its model of the suffering mind .                                                     
But the Government would be allowed to create a new ' social payment ' for young British adults to ensure nobody here was left out of pocket .                                         
I had been left alone to cope with it ; in the end I couldn ' t handle it any longer .                                                     
If you ' re not happy with this then perhaps you should try to move on to a relationship with someone else who is not a parent .                                         
The Lakers ( 9 - 36 ) lost their fifth straight game , falling to the San Antonio Spurs ( 38 - 6 ) on Friday night .                                         
" The more often he plays , the greater his belief in his ability and he ' ll get better and better ," the manager said .                                           
When I wake up , I have a couple of messages from Kim saying she ' s fine and then , in our morning here , she ' s going to sleep back home .                           
Islamic State has posted video footage it claims shows nine of the people responsible for the November attacks in Paris .                                                       
A series of measures needs to be put in place at a young offenders ' unit after allegations staff assaulted teenage boys , the government has been urged .                                       
Some of it is by design - and down to decades - old housing policies which actively prevented African Americans from living in certain areas .                                             
She was able to be a bit closer in her second win and even though they went steady she was too strong for them .                                               
For example , they might see a job loss as disappointing , but also as an exciting opportunity to spend more time with family or to try something new .                                     
The district attorney ' s office said in its release this week that nobody has reported any criminal behavior in Hamilton County by anyone associated with the team thus far .                                   
The closure is part of a programme to reduce the department ' s operating costs and staff size by 2020 .                                                       
A man has been charged after another man was seriously injured in an attack outside a bar on New Year ' s Day .                                                 
After seeing it last year we had hoped that was a once - in - a - lifetime fire , but there we were - back again .                                         
They were trying to meet David Cameron ' s spending targets and had just three days remaining to meet his spending pledge .                                                   
But we can ' t go on letting our children ' be like everyone else ' when it ' s damaging them .                                                   
If you are down there then those are the matches you lose but they will not stay down there - they are a good team .                                             
This would mean that the customer would always be able to get their money back in the event of a corporate collapse .                                                   
At the same time , understand it ' s a long season and there are a lot of games left and we have to be careful with it .                                       
The fight against terrorism will also be a focus of conversations with NATO leaders at an upcoming summit in Poland .                                                       
" This is not about political point - scoring , this is about improving health and social care for people ," he said .                                                 
Edinburgh is set for a major housing boost with plans for 16 , 000 affordable homes to be built over the next decade .                                                 
There are a couple of things , parents need to -- one of the things that helps is if you talk to your kids .                                               
The deal would create the largest bank in Ohio , and the companies would have about $ 100 billion in combined assets .                                                   
Only this week an analysis of the Government ' s own figures showed that £ 10 million patients were struggling to get an appointment .                                               
But while we ' ll be fine , we need an environment in the wake of this revolution that gives a chance to be part of the mix .                                       
For two decades the community has tried to reverse the trend , investing in cultural activities and tourism to create new jobs and attract young people .                                           
The clinic did further tests to see if there were any health conditions that might be preventing me from being pregnant , but there weren ' t .                                         
The area has long been viewed as so typically Middle American that , for years , many companies have gone there to test new products .                                             
The man died in non - suspicious circumstances in July 2013 - weeks after his DNA was taken - and police would not be releasing his name .                                         
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , a Democrat , is second , with 43 % seeing her as not religious .                                                     
The concern , they say , is with areas on Long Island that have some of the largest Central American populations and " tens of thousands of local residents " who travel home to visit families in that region throughout the year .           
This will ensure you look at the whole room , not just the front row , and will project your voice to the back of the room .                                         
NHS England said about 10 , 000 junior doctors had reported for duty out of 26 , 000 scheduled to work the day shift .                                               
Scientists hope they will be able to work out why some people are more likely to contract certain diseases as well as improve treatments .                                               
But Flint residents say they were kept in the dark for 18 months until a local doctor took things into her own hands .                                                 
In front of goal he has hit a wall and can ' t score and it ' s had an impact on the rest of his game .                                         
In return , the EU has pledged 3 billion euros ($ 3 . 25 billion ) to help improve the refugees ' conditions .                                                 
" I say I ' m happy to keep running the business but I leave it to others to decide whether they should invest or otherwise ," he said .                                     
I ' m a professional fighter , so if I wanted to I could hurt anybody ,' she told Daily Mail Australia .                                                   
It ' s not really a championship , but definitely it ' s always nice to be on top of it and to score the most points .                                         
The two - time Australian Open champion hasn ' t given up more than three games in any of the 14 sets she has played this year , including her run to the title at the Brisbane International two weeks ago .             
A look at what was playing on radio and music players in the US during Mr Obama ' s speeches .                                                       
I think [ it ] can be dangerous in not learning how to pay attention in a focused way , but in balance there is nothing wrong with technology .                                     
When you ' re playing that bad and still manage to win - hopefully it ' s going to get better next one .                                                 
Matt says he began to gain weight at an increasingly rapid rate as his long hours led to a poor diet and no time for fitness .                                           
" He just wants to get it under a little bit more of control before he plays again ," Scott said , adding that Lakers medical personnel hadn ' t mentioned any serious issues .                           
Now , however , the designer has thousands of fans , many of whom leave a string of positive comments on a daily basis .                                               
The two - which make up 47 % of the low - cost market in Europe - are expected in the coming days to reveal strong results for the October - December quarter .                             
So far , the family has reportedly collected $ 2 , 100 raised though the site and says an additional $ 1 , 200 has been sent to their home .                                   
It feels better just telling the truth and letting them know everything and to get past it and start talking about football again .                                                 
No matter what , I ' ll always give 100 % on a football pitch and that ' s what I did tonight .                                                 
It is understood the high - level discussions have focused on Seven buying The Sunday Times , rather than News buying the West Australian .                                               
A 13 - year - old New South Wales girl has been missing from inner Brisbane for more than two days .                                                     
The report said that for a young woman who has diabetes , her risk for heart disease is four to five times higher compared to young men .                                         
In early December , her comment came up on the campaign trail when , during a New Hampshire event , a woman asked , " You recently came out to say that all rape victims should be believed .                     
Health officials warn that 90 percent of Americans eat too much salt , raising their risk of high blood pressure , heart disease , stroke and other health problems .                                     
Meanwhile , the US - the world ' s largest economy - spent just 0 . 19 per cent while France and Germany handed over 0 . 37 per cent and 0 . 42 per cent respectively .                     
The village is important to those who live , work and visit there and the plan provides a great opportunity to maintain and strengthen the village culture and lifestyle .                                     
Most British people , regardless of their views on the wider immigration debate , would see a moral duty to reach out a hand to them .                                           
As the first black woman to run for President for a major political party she was years ahead of her time .                                                     
" If they ' re going to impose this on us , we better prepare to protect the state from it ," Rubio said , referring to efforts in Florida to create a cap - and - trade program .                 
The new guidelines bring men ' s upper limit down to 14 units per week , in response to the latest research , which suggests that the overall health risks for men and women are the same .                     
The alleged abuse involved six children : five girls and a boy who were between the ages of 7 and 16 at the time it is said to have taken place .                                 
He ' s running on his success in the private sector , which he argues can be easily transferred to government .                                                     
His current target is for the company ' s foreign revenues eventually to be half of the total , up from less than one - quarter now .                                         
Still , the new report , and the reaction to it by the Chinese stock market , had a psychological effect on investors around the world , he said .                                     
I think it ' s going to be a race to who can get in their own comfort zone first .                                                       
I ' ve always remembered that and I ' ve never used those words , whether it ' s Radio 2 or Westminster or Africa .                                             
Now , you know , although I stick by what I say in terms of why I think we lost , that possibly wasn ' t the best way to win an internal Labour leadership contest .                       
If the result [ from the paper ] is that we learn and improve our managing techniques , that ' s a good thing .                                               
The information also sets out the consequences of certain types of claims - how much a fire claim would cost , for example .                                                 
So I wasn ' t interested in fighting David for custody because I didn ' t have a job ,' she explained .                                                   
The row , which happened in a Yorkshire hotel , took place because no hot food was provided following a day ' s filming .                                               
As a result , the S & P 500 has been pushed nearly 10 percent lower since the start of the year .                                                   
The ministry said that 39 . 7 million workers were formally employed at the end of last year , compared to 41 . 2 million at the end of 2014 and 40 . 8 million in 2013 .                     
If you ' re doing , not just what I want but what everybody wants , then you ' re going to get your ice time .                                           
Why can ' t we leave well enough alone , re - watch the episodes we love and let the phenomenon rest ?                                                   
I thought they had a better chance of survival back in the water than up high and dry on the sand .                                                     
The militant group ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attacks , which also hit a concert hall and popular restaurants .                                                       
They added : " We have not released details of the shop where the ticket was bought and no retailer would have been informed that they have sold the winning ticket .                                   
You only get one life to take it all in - see as much as you can before it ' s too late .                                                 
I go into local high schools and speak to the kids , especially targeting the girls , and tell them they don ' t have to just think about fashion or product design .                             
Speaking to the BBC she said : " We ' re not going soft on the banks , we ' re not being told what to do by the government .                                     
The game will need to grow that way , but we still need to look at development and make sure that our development structure is producing players at the local level .                                 
Jason ' s brother Ali said earlier this week that Jason was making up for the time he ' s lost since then .                                                 
I ' ve got to prove myself all over again , and he ' s not seen a lot of me .                                                     
" I think it puts life back in the country and you also get an increase in bird number , especially water birds ," he said .                                           
This would mean that a deal must be secured no later than at a second special EU summit at the end of February or the beginning of March .                                       
" There were a couple of hundred people working on the estate but everybody knew everybody else ' s business - that really comes across ," she said .                                       
" I grew up not a good guy , but she turned me right ," Park told the Associated Press .                                                       
So , perhaps the most interesting figure from Facebook ' s earnings report is just how much each and every user is worth , on average , to the social network .                                 
That figure makes up roughly a quarter of the 40 , 000 - strong military force which IS was estimated to have , based on data from summer 2014 .                                     
" You can ' t date me and expect me to have the same past as a 24 - year - old ," says Elizabeth .                                             
It ' s just lovely to think that something we ' re doing now for future generations has been able to end the story for a lot of people in Germany .                                 
A few bars of coverage would occasionally appear on the phones of people trying to keep in touch with home .                                                       
This facility is owned by the people , and so if they come to bring physical harm to us , then they will be doing it only because of a facility , or a building .                         
" Under President Obama ' s leadership , the United States has done more to combat climate change than ever before ," the White House said in a fact sheet prepared for the address .                           
He didn ' t go looking for recognition but he liked doing that and was in a position to do it .                                                     
It could be even more difficult for foreign audiences , but a film is a film - it doesn ' t matter .                                                   
I am now discussing the details of how I can make a continuing contribution in providing support and advice to him , his team and the Labour party .                                       
In Australia , the authors found office workers , manufacturing , production , the arts , design , sport and media were all set to suffer in the years ahead .                                   
Mr Obama has said his failure to convince Congress to act on gun law reform has been his greatest frustration as President .                                                   
A three - year - old girl has been found safe in the United States , after the car she had been in was stolen .                                             
We ' ve already done a huge amount - including TV , radio and print advertising - and this activity will continue over the coming months and years .                                       
" I ' d like for the smoke to clear at least to see what the situation is ," he said .                                                     
After a week , we were expected to hand in a written story - long or short , it didn ' t matter .                                                 
Or , you say well , if you want to keep it going , we can ' t keep it going the way things are .                                             
Don ' t forget to watch out for the promised Obama / Ryan summit at the White House in the new year .                                                   
That I don ' t end up to be one of these families , that I have the freedom to carry whatever weapon I feel I need .                                         
To have the opportunity to be in my first national championship game as a coach , and it comes against Alabama , I just have to smile at God on that one .                               
And I ' m cooking a new novel in the back of my head , which I was meant to start next week , but may be as far as three months away while I finish things that people are waiting for ," he wrote .     
The government should instead focus on the many barriers that have led to just 6 % of people with a learning disability being in paid work .                                           
The company has struggled to convince airlines to order the world ' s biggest passenger aircraft in the past two years .                                                     
But Mr Hammond said that any charges against Mr Lee should be dealt with in Hong Kong , not mainland China .                                                     
Since Mr Obama has been President almost 250 , 000 Americans have died at the end of the gun in the United States , about two - thirds of them by suicide .                               
I told our team that it was one of the great wins that I ' ve been a part of , just from the fact of what we ' ve been through as a team .                         
" When I pulled it back to 6 - 5 , I thought , " This is it , you can win now ,"" he said .                                             
One of the most powerful computers in the world dedicated to climate change , weather and other earth science research will be replaced in 2017 by an even faster machine , officials announced Monday .                           
On the first working day into 2016 , it already seems that oil will again be the major theme for markets .                                                     
" I ' m just a normal person , I don ' t have that influence when I speak ," she said .                                                   
Police are searching for a woman from north London and her two young children who have been missing for nearly three weeks .                                                   
By the end , you ' re left with the chances that you will die of each cause ,' he writes .                                                     
There ' s a few that turned in music that didn ' t quite make the mark , so we didn ' t select them .                                             
While 44 % of Americans consider themselves pro - life , only 19 % believe that abortion should be illegal in all circumstances .                                                 
They also prepare families for how their child ' s condition is likely to develop , and give them as much information as possible to help them make the difficult decisions that follow .                             
He is wanted for questioning in Sweden over sex assault allegations against two women , which he has always denied .                                                       
But , five or six shows in , I ' m dying to get off the road and go back to the studio .                                                 
" I don ' t want to have to go and do fact - finding and find out what they said wasn ' t true ," Brian said .                                       
" We were just trying to help them out and get them out of the hotel and into a home ," said Cooper , who has been in contact with the family regularly since the flood struck .                     
We wouldn ' t get away with setting up a speed camera situation like that and we would never do that .                                                     
He said the UN agency plans a special session on the virus during a Geneva meeting of its executive board on Thursday .                                                   
" I ' ve been training really hard during the off - season , really pushing myself beyond the limits ," she said .                                                 
It should go without saying that the Soviet threat to Europe was far greater than that posed by Russia today .                                                       
Trump , according to Fox News , offered to appear at the debate if Fox met one condition -- that the network contribute $ 5 million to his charities .                                     
He told BBC Radio 4 ' s Today programme : ' I ' m sure that they will review the case , I ' m sure that that is the right thing that should happen .                           
I ' m getting some help from my staff , and we ' re taking dozens and dozens , sometimes at the same time .                                               
They are the only participants from Northern Ireland to take part , but they are getting expert help ahead of their time in the spotlight .                                             
" I mean , every time I walk in this room , everyone expects me to win every single match , every single day of my life ," Williams said in her post - match news conference .                     
The Prime Minister is thought to be targeting June 23 if he can secure a deal at the February 19 EU summit .                                                   
So then the theater owner said , ' Well , OK , we don ' t need people outside our doors selling this to our customers and then bringing it in .                                   
She said : ' People are constantly seeking new experiences now to the point where they are running out of options .                                                       
She has focused instead on where she parts ways with her rival on other issues , like health care and Wall Street reform .                                                 
" We have many serious allegations referred to us every year that we have a duty to investigate ," she wrote .                                                     
Still , working to Rubio ' s advantage is that he is banking on a national strategy , unlike many other candidates , who are hoping to pull off a major victory in one state or the other .                   
And I was cool while I was sitting in my seat and then they handed me two awards , one for favorite action movie and one for favorite film .                                     
A mother was found dead in her bed on New Year ' s Day by her nine - year - old daughter .                                                   
At some stage the desire to train four hours every day ends , but at the moment it hasn ' t .                                                     
For the most part , residents appeared to welcome the team , though some complained that it was the first time they have visited the area .                                           
Obama aides don ' t deny that Clinton campaign officials have quick access to their White House counterparts , given how many are former colleagues .                                             
You ' ve got to get the win and points for the ACT and obviously I have to get results as an individual to help the team .                                         
But you know , that would be the same with anybody who wins both of those early primaries or certainly if they won all three ( Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina .                             
' I think it ' s right that there be no future comment about possible results in this case until it is known .                                                 
On a slow Tuesday night , Maria helps in the kitchen as an older relative sits in the corner , watching TV .                                                   
" The more I talked about this idea to other artists , everybody felt the same way I did ," said Osborne .                                                   
On the title race , with Real third , two points behind Barcelona , he said : " It is still on .                                                     
" You look like the type of person that would be really fun to hang out with , but your voice isn ' t quite on the level of what I ' m looking for today ," he told her .               
I hope to at least get them out on bail then figure out what to do next , but really this isn ' t a legal matter - this is a political matter .                             
The former Labour prime minister admitted he is ' very worried ' about the result and consequences of the upcoming EU referendum , which could be as early as June .                                   
I was filming in Russia and I ' ve been spending my time just all over the world making amazing projects .                                                     
Still , there ' s likely to be plenty of drama , both on the debate stage and at the veterans event Trump plans to attend instead .                                         
Mr Kim is seeking to rally pride in an explosion viewed with outrage by much of the world and to boost his domestic political goals .                                             
" I feel more exposed than in any book I ' ve ever written and in any show I ' ve ever done ," she says .                                           
They could have tested some middle stage kind ( of device ) between an A - bomb and H - bomb , but unless they come up with any clear evidence , it is difficult to trust their claim .                 
That ' s what you want from your quarterback - a guy that ' s going to bring the fire and lead the troops .                                               
Melbourne was also on the warm side , with maximum temperatures ranging between 0 . 5 and 1 degree above average across the city .                                               
But co - operating with the police in the course of their investigations is itself a public service , a call we should all be prepared to answer .                                       
We are announcing this from day 1 , not late in the day because we still have tickets up the back .                                                     
" My entire career , I ' ve only really worked with the same subject matter ," Bowie said in a 2002 interview with The Associated Press .                                         
Vietnam ' s prime minister looked set for a political exit after he was put out of the running for the Communist party leadership during internal elections , sources said .                                   
Police said the man was taken to the Royal Brisbane and Women ' s Hospital with " life - threatening " injuries .                                                   
It should be noted that Trump , as of last quarter ' s fundraising report , is not actually self - funding his campaign .                                               
" It ' s time to go home , return to your families ," he said at a news conference Monday .                                                     
She believes , like her teammates , that the women ' s game is growing in this country and that the investment by the City Football Group has raised the bar for the standard required to be successful .                   
CNN will also be hosting the March 10 GOP debate in Florida , just days before the first winner - take - all primaries of the 2016 race for the White House .                               
Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews is backing a call for the Queen to be replaced by an Australian head of state .                                                       
President Obama will keep an empty seat next to the first lady on Tuesday when he gives his State of the Union address , to represent victims of gun violence , according to the White House .                       
Reporter : In the final stretch , the Clinton campaign is hoping for a big boost from bill Clinton , in fact , the former president looks like a candidate himself out here .                             
More than 700 pupils in Edinburgh are set to get a new high school following a multi - million pound boost for a new campus .                                             
I went away thinking I wouldn ' t be surprised if I got a call over the weekend saying any of those boys had hurt themselves .                                           
Their hope now is to have officials in Italy , where they now live , recognize both men as their children ' s parents , not just one or the other .                                 
" No further statement nor comment regarding my client ' s immigration case in Mexico will be issued ; no interviews either ," he tweeted after speaking to BBC and the Associated Press .                             
Over the year to December , employment grew by more than 300 , 000 workers , a strong 2 . 7 per cent increase .                                               
If I score goals , if I perform on a consistent basis , everything else will fall into place if I do that .                                                 
The police ' s decision to end their round - the - clock surveillance came after repeated attacks on the cost of the operation .                                               
If you or your child never gets the disease the vaccine was designed to prevent , there is no surprise .                                                       
It ' s not just him , there ' s a lot of this stuff in the sporting industry , and to defend it is not right at all .                                     
The nation would benefit from Obama saying ... what ' s the role of government and the relationship between the federal government and the individual citizen .                                           
President Obama will announce that he will use executive authority to expand background checks and increase enforcement of existing laws as he tries to limit gun deaths .                                         
And , towards the end , only a few places - Australia and the US Open in particular - brought out his very best .                                               
Local police forces have urged drivers and people walking near the coast to take care , while a handful of schools closed .                                                   
Like I want to defend animals , I want to defend people , so this is why I ' m in combat and this is why I ' m in the army .                               
This was a good news story - two former world champions , one in trouble with the police , fighting on the street .                                                 
How can you start changing the rules for everybody , just for those particular pupils who are Muslims , which are a minority .                                                 
Lord Turnbull also told Ferguson that if he had not pleaded guilty , he would have been jailed for nine years .                                                     
But their executives realise that these things really do matter , even when negotiating tax deals ," she told the Guardian .                                                     
When reached by phone , the son accused of leaving her to die confirmed most of the details of her life as described in the notice .                                           
" If you look at the US economy particularly , that is actually in pretty good shape ," he said .                                                       
Trump also suggested that he may have ultimately decided to attend the debate had he not committed to hosting the fund - raising event .                                               
If you ' re doing well and I care for you , I ' m happy - and I hope you feel the same about me .                                           
Her due date was originally Christmas Day , but health issues meant that the reality star had to move it up .                                                     
Last night Mr Putin ' s spokesman said the Kremlin had no interest in the findings of Sir Robert ' s inquiry .                                                   
It ' s not easy to talk to your friends at night , and discover the next morning that they ' ve been killed .                                               
Four teenagers are in police custody and a fifth suspect is being sought in connection with an alleged group rape of an 18 - year - old woman in Brooklyn .                                   
I have heard of several incidents of pregnant women being denied alcohol in restaurants and bars and each one has been met with outrage and plenty have gone viral on the internet .                               
In the three - way battle to take the lead position at Los Angeles International Airport , American Airlines is adding more than 20 new daily flights , starting in June .                                 
During our time there , we saw that tension and violence were dramatically increasing - a toxic state of affairs made worse by the increasing presence of drugs .                                       
If , like me , your strongest achievement is getting through an entire Netflix series in two days , don ' t panic .                                                 
He said the teen had " committed no crime at all in Mexico " though the lawyer didn ' t know whether his client had entered the country on a tourist visa .                               
I can ' t put into words what he did for us , especially my mum and dad who had to go through it all .                                             
Islamic State is actively focusing its attention on conducting large - scale attacks in Europe similar to those last year in Paris , the head of the EU ' s law enforcement agency has said .                         
There are directors who would have struggled to get their films out in an earlier era that don ' t have that problem now .                                               
On Thursday , nine of the 10 sectors in the S & P 500 index ended lower , led by a 1 . 4 percent decline in technology stocks .                                     
" While the situation is ongoing , the main concern is employee safety , and we can confirm that no federal staff were in the building at the time of the initial incident ," the spokesperson said .                     
It is a missed opportunity for Chinese and Australian students to learn from each other and to build relationships among the next generation of business and government leaders .                                       
People want to know who has access to this information , and they want the ability to say yes or no to how that information is used .                                         
I remember obviously winning , and that was really great ," she said of her first defeat of the Russian in Miami in 2004 .                                               
President Bill Clinton enjoyed a 60 percent job approval rating at the start of 2000 , amid good economic times and relative peace .                                                 
Then I lost my phone and her number , so I ended up writing her a letter , leaving it at her band rooms .                                               
That makes it easy to put things in perspective and deal with things the best way possible , to be able to improve through all of this as well .                                     
He has deep personal experience with the issues as a former district judge , member of the Texas Supreme Court and Texas attorney general .                                               
Tuesday brought the most rain Los Angeles has seen in any single day in 2015 except for one - Sept .                                                       
This does not cover our living costs , but it does offer some support in an increasingly money - driven society .                                                     
And although I feel you have talent as a singer , I don ' t think it is specifically what I am looking for .                                               
The Fox Business debate will mark the first time only seven candidates have appeared on the main stage for a Republican debate .                                                   
The central bank in December raised its benchmark short - term rate from near zero to a minimum of 0 . 25 %, citing the U . S . economy ' s recovery since the financial crash .                     
It has left increasing numbers locked out of the property market and forced to rent longer than they had anticipated .                                                       
But BBC Scotland understands it includes a bigger than usual stick to stop any council putting up the council tax .                                                       
But based on comments from what we ' ve heard in the community and what ' s been reported , we may be in just the early stages of this .                                   
Three men aged 26 , 24 and 19 and a 28 - year - old woman were also taken into custody for questioning on suspicion of murder .                                         
In addition to the planned wage increases for the first quarter , nearly half of the economists said their firms had already raised pay in the final three months of 2015 .                                 
I went through five or six pages and said this is some of the best writing I ' ve read in my life .                                                 
He has played more than 200 games of first grade , and this is supposed to be his 10th season .                                                       
I think the mother was still in shock when I was speaking to her and it ' s pretty tough to see that face - to - face and that ' s something that stands out .                       
Cruz said he was trying to fix individual problems with the bill , but that doesn ' t mean he supported the entire thing .                                               
The US government has already imposed sanctions on Mr Putin ' s aides , but it is thought to be the first time it has directly accused him of corruption .                                   
It was a really tough ask for us , and when you are down to 10 men with a long spell in the game to go , to come away with anything is a huge result .                       
They ' re due something in this famous old competition , certainly , for their recent record in the FA Cup is fairly poor .                                               
The same has happened with cannabis in Colorado and several other states and we just haven ' t had the social problems .                                                   
" I ' m taking the conservative message to people that haven ' t voted for us before ," Rubio said .                                                     
I went back and looked at a bit of footage before the Melbourne Test and noticed my bat face was a little bit closed .                                               
" Instead of thinking ... it was going to be very long , very difficult , I thought five days , five nights were just going to be enough , or maybe not enough to experience everything I wanted to experience ," he said .       
I think if we didn ' t get that funding it would have broken up a healthy marriage , because it did cause problems .                                               
A last - minute burst of people trying to buy tickets online for the £ 50 . 4 million draw on Wednesday , which had no winners , caused the website to crash for around 10 minutes .                     
But I do know one thing , which is that this story tells us more about him than it does about her .                                                   
This is the first official Isis response to Britain ' s involvement in air strikes on Syria - the group is setting out its agenda for the year .                                       
On the subject of winning and losing , ever - present experiences in their sport , the 34 - year - old said : " When you win , you ' re obviously excited and happy and , when you lose , you ' re not excited .   
A future , perhaps , that would be about them both challenging in the Champions League rather than hoping for a shot at the League Cup .                                           
Green Bay know how to win games like Sunday ' s , just as Kansas City , Pittsburgh and Seattle do .                                                     
Professor Young and some other scientists believe the planet was approximately the same size as the Earth ; although believe it was smaller , perhaps more similar in size to Mars .                                 
We hope to get him back as quickly as possible and that anyone the manager puts in to replace him can stay solid during that time .                                           
It is definitely , definitely a concern because it [ public concern about the Zika virus ] is so prominent right now and people are scared .                                           
" If he ' s going to give us a plan to actually defeat ISIS , we ' ll clearly work with him on that ," Ryan said .                                       
An official club statement read : " Now is the right time to put an end to the many discussions surrounding the last few minutes of the match .                                         
The value of the space sector in the UK has grown from £ 6 . 5 billion in 2007 to £ 11 . 8 billion in 2014 .                                         
During her trial , Ms Young said she had not seen details of the drug ' s strength written on the bottle ' s label .                                             
A : There ' s a theory out that you have to look out for number one , that it ' s dog - eat - dog .                                         
Obama , of course , isn ' t likely to have cleared the 22 inches of snow at the White House himself .                                                   
The Six Nations has not even kicked off and already Jones has put his finger on the one thing , above anything else , that needs to change if England are to become successful again .                         
It ' s been 20 years since Clinton , the 69 - year - old former president , appeared on the ballot here .                                                 
" Of course he has said some things that he wants us to do , some different aspects of the game ," said the Belgian .                                             
But his former leadership rival dismissed the Prime Minister ' s promise to secure a significant package of reforms to put before voters in a referendum that must be held by the end of next year .                       
Although they met while both living in London , the plan that they would raise their family in the country was never in doubt .                                               
" It will be a signal to the teacher to potentially keep an eye out and offer extra help for students at risk of failing ," she said .                                       
For the vast majority of men I ' ve worked with it ' s made absolutely no difference that I ' m a women .                                               
It was still the time when you would sit down at 10 o ' clock in the morning and the build - up to the FA Cup final was on .                                   
" I think he ' s a brilliant guy ; he just says the wrong things sometimes ," Russell said of Trump .                                                   
The head of Apple ' s secret project to build an electric car has left and the project is in crisis , it has been claimed .                                           
During what year did President Obama announce executive actions on immigration , which were challenged in lower courts and were just taken up by the U . S . Supreme Court ?                                 
For the first time in nearly 10 years the Rugby Football Union has put an experienced head coach in charge of the England team .                                               
And that leaves plenty of time for Corbyn and his allies to make the changes in the Labour party that are their priority .                                                 
Walker was seeking the Republican Party ' s nomination for President , but he dropped out of the race in September .                                                     
If you have a hospital appointment on one of the strike days and are concerned , you should speak with your hospital .                                                   
And I think we did that at the start of the second half , even at the end when we were 26 - 17 down .                                             
Just a little , you know , note to all of us , just keep trying like time did and you too -- The ultimate test of national have fun at work day .                             
Around 500 people were evacuated from homes in south London overnight after what police said was a " huge " gas leak .                                                   
He ' s got it tight , his shot is one of those great shots we had at CNN -- tragic - great shots -- and I said to Steve , what the hell happened ?                         
Since the start of the year , an estimated 46 , 000 migrants fleeing poverty have arrived in Europe , according to the United Nations .                                             
It is now a month since MPs voted in support of UK military action against the group known as Islamic State ( IS ) in Syria .                                           
I believe the public should still have the right to know about such incidents but the ban also covers Freedom of Information requests .                                                 
The President ' s February 2009 speech was delivered before a joint session of Congress , but is not considered an official State of the Union address .                                         
It is a reminder that we can ' t short - change the basic services we provide to our people .                                                       
" We will not stop working for the people of Flint until every person has clean water , every single day , no matter what ," the governor said on Tuesday .                                 
He calls this the " circle of better life " - and if we commit to slightly improving these aspects daily , we will function more effectively .                                           
However someone else in the crowd must have taken a picture and submitted it to a magazine to laugh at me .                                                     
And , for the same reason , that ' s why he may never be prime minister - though we can live in hope .                                               
It ' s really difficult , every day seems to bring some new challenge but at least the players are still performing .                                                   
The survey has only been carried out once so it is not possible to determine if sugar consumption is increasing .                                                       
If he ' s going to make a move in the next few weeks , however , there are a lot of bodies he ' ll have to climb over .                                   
I can ' t believe I spent so many years worried what people would think if they saw a fat woman running .                                                   
Under current legislation it is legal sell the weapons in Britain and keep them in a private residence but they cannot be legally carried in public .                                           
It seems that he is prepared to risk even his relationship with China , North Korea ' s only ally and a vital economic partner , in order to develop ever more powerful weapons of mass destruction .                     
Society really seems to value morning people and look down on those of us who don ' t ( or can ' t ) fall in line .                                         
As the children are just 12 and six , it is hard to figure what I am trying to teach them .                                                     
" I ' d hate to see something like that get in his way ," Trump told The Washington Post , saying that Cruz could get tied up in a lawsuit if elected .                             
These days , you can ' t find people here who have something nice to say about her last decade in politics .                                                   
Obama had some high - profile victories last year but his State of the Union proposals , such as calls for free community college and higher minimum wage , are not among them .                             
' When James gets home from work , it is not what does he do , but what doesn ' t he do , and he doesn ' t do anything ,' she said .                           
Sanders is less well - known , but 34 % of Republicans say he would be terrible , 26 % say poor and 10 % say good or great .                                     
Not long ago , a journalist asked me whether I felt my job as a writer was at risk from computer programs that could write .                                             
But six months on , Laura says she still can ' t come to terms with Dylan ' s death .                                                       
" I think he got in on a protest vote and he hasn ' t done anything for us ," he said .                                                   
" But , hopefully , it does help us out a little bit ," he said , referring to the drought .                                                     
But when you look man for man and mark them out of 10 , then we win by quite a distance .                                                     
He was at the bottom of the bill on a tour I did , back when he was still David Jones .                                                     
" It was very important to be top of the Premier League at the end of January because now comes a very tough February , with Liverpool , Arsenal and Manchester City to come ," the Leicester manager said .                 
Those talks marked the first time both sides had met formally since the break down of the original talks in autumn 2014 .                                                   
She also called for greater screening of certain migrants coming to the United States , particularly those who have traveled to a country with " serious problems with terrorism and foreign fighters " in the past five years .                   
A child as young as eight was among the 22 , 000 children who have been detained overnight in police cells last year , according to new figures .                                       
We ' re a lucky place to be , we ' re away from the real trouble in this world and we ' ve got to keep it that way .                                   
" I was really stressed about it , but when you have children you have to button it up ," she said .                                                   
For most Americans , his modest proposal to introduce a version of the National Health Service is simply too radical .                                                       
But then again , I can think of some pretty big - name actors who never had a role like that .                                                     
There are a lot of goals scored from set pieces in the Premier League , not only against us , and we ' ve been in positions to score from these situations and we have to do this more often .               
David Cameron today insisted his proposal for four year benefit ban would stay on the table until it was agreed or EU leaders came up with something better .                                       
They sent their statement to Australia , Canada , China , France , India , Indonesia , Malaysia , the Netherlands , New Zealand , Russia , Taiwan , Ukraine and United States , who also had passengers on board the missing aircraft .         
I didn ' t realise he ' d been out for so long , but he ' s still a big , strong unit .                                               
The community of nearly 40 , 000 residents is mostly protected by a flood wall , but a couple of dozen homes have been damaged .                                             
How many there are now is unclear ; there has been little study of the phenomenon , a gap the Department of Education is struggling to fill .                                         
The attack never happened , and the threat appears to have passed , but there is still a climate of extreme tension in Germany , if not all of Europe .                                   
I see that as the me of the past - I can see that was once me but it ' s not me any more really ... No , it ' s not appropriate now .                         
So , Jennifer suggested that Richard , 36 , an operations manager and her husband of seven years , register as living at his mother ' s address .                                       
" She ' s a conservative and I like knowing that she ' s speaking out on his behalf ," she said .                                                   
Our thoughts are very much with the student , his family and friends and we are doing everything possible to support everyone involved .                                                 
British lawmakers will debate later this month whether Trump ' s call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States is a reason to prevent him from coming to Britain .                               
However junior doctors in England will provide emergency care during the strike - so any emergency cases shouldn ' t in theory be affected .                                               
Good news , then : there ' s yet another social network on the scene , trying to eat up your life .                                                   
It means that Google ' s overseas tax rate on all its profits falls to around five per cent when in the UK it would have to pay 20 per cent .                                 
The incident was captured on video but there is no explanation as to how the animal got on the roof in the first place .                                               
On the issue of the EU referendum , Ms Sturgeon said there were two reasons she was not in favour of a June date .                                               
For a three - year - old to beat the older horses at weight for age says he is in for a nice preparation .                                               
More see better mental health screening as being effective : more than three in four Americans ( including most Republicans ) think that would help to prevent gun violence .                                     
The FBI didn ' t say Tuesday , although federal officials had come under increasing pressure from Oregon ' s governor and local leaders to do something .                                         
That ' s not very deep , compared to film director James Cameron ' s record - setting mission to the bottom of the Pacific .                                             
I have a seven - month - old boy and I want to be able to play football with him when he gets older .                                               
To avoid ongoing destruction to our system of government and our society , these men must be removed from their positions of power .                                                 
But it ' s now an opportunity to blood some new players and for the young talent to have a go against the world ' s best , which doesn ' t happen that often .                         
However much some campaigners might try to talk about other issues , that could rapidly centre the referendum fight on the fate of refugees and levels of immigration .                                       
I have an amazing husband , amazing child , a beautiful family and I think so many of us wake up in the morning and see what we don ' t have and forget what we have .                     
He told the children ' s social care and health cabinet committee : ' This has affected our ability to place citizen children within Kent ourselves .                                             
While falling off her bike would end in a painful landing , falling off a horse could be ' fatal ', she said .                                                 
He said although a taxi was able to drop him at the main building from the train station , he was not able to wait in the prison building itself and that the visitors ' centre was the only place people could wait .         
People might say that we ' re not a top - class side but some of these guys have only played four Test matches and we can ' t bring anybody from home because they ' ll be just as raw , or young .       
Nearly half of the players in their fourth year or later , 44 percent , said their play has been affected .                                                     
It was only going to be a matter of time before I failed them both completely and I knew it even then .                                                   
The grandfather - of - five and father - of - four has been off work since then and had rarely been seen in public .                                             
If we get a genetic diagnosis , we can plan for the future , but we can also help other parents and children who might have the same symptoms , and the NHS would be able to recognise them .                 
It ' s not what I intended to do at this age , but it has kind of worked out .                                                       
For decades now , Americans have been promised that if we send enough money and power to Washington , they ' re going to fix everything .                                           
I ' m delighted that this study to help find ways to grow food in extreme conditions is getting thousands of young people involved in studying plants and science .                                     
There ' s no difference for me telling my teammates or telling guys how to get better with their game .                                                       
I ' ve repeatedly offered to settle out of court , but I can ' t pay as much as she wants .                                                   
" Of concern is that the majority of participants ( 58 per cent ) said that their plan was to wait and see how bad it was before deciding to leave ," the study found .                         
I told them that if we say ' we have some news ' in the future it is more likely to be a baby than a wedding !                                         
I have to make sure that I ' ve got the alarm set , that I ' ve ordered my food properly , that I ' ve got all my stuff ready for the next day and that sort of thing .             
After they got received the one - word text , her family reported her missing and had been unable to contact her .                                                   
" When we finally realise that Muslims are here to stay , that they are native to the west , their version of Islam is native to the west , we will own that conversation on equal terms ," he said .             
After this diplomatic crisis , any understanding and agreement between the Saudi - led coalition and the coalition led by Russia and including Iran and Iraq seems likely to become much more complicated .                             
But I did try to avoid the situation by going out of my way to fill up any time I didn ' t have the kids .                                           
I grabbed him and tried to bring him back but he tried running off , so I held him and swept his legs from under his feet .                                         
About the challenges that she ' s most proud of when filming the movie , she it was throwing herself out of her comfort zone .                                             
When I signed here I wanted to play for Tottenham and I wasn ' t thinking about going anywhere else at the time .                                                 
If you do not feel comfortable speaking in front of an audience of owners , request an executive session or internal dispute resolution meeting with the board .                                         
The judge must decide in the coming days if he has to or not , but it is extremely unlikely that he will be put behind bars .                                         
The president ' s executive actions would have had no impact in keeping weapons from the hands of criminals who used weapons bought by others , or bought them legally .                                   
September 17 : A fight breaks out between Japanese lawmakers in Tokyo as they prepare to vote over controversial security legislation that would allow Japanese troops to be deployed overseas .                                   
In contrast , the only hotel we stayed at during our time away had real trouble even dealing with minor issues .                                                     
With the technology of television changing at the speed of light everybody has to make sure they ' re doing something which has value .                                               
The truth is that it doesn ' t really matter how you look at this point , because you won ' t feel it or see it .                                         
As much as we love them and try to make them a human ... they are still what they are ; stop trying to change them ... not good !                                     
A spokesman for the company said : " The business has operated a no alcohol policy since it began in 2001 .                                                       
I love the diversity of working overseas , when I come back to Australia it ' s not like that in policy or science .                                               
That ' s only likely to be along the same borders that currently have them , unless the refugee routes move .                                                     
However , the wins they have had have been exciting for their fans , so here ' s a look at their best home and away games .                                         
While manufacturing is still below its pre - recession level , the service industries , which did suffer a decline , are now 11 % ahead .                                           
In April , May , June and July I mostly work on the farm , but by August some tourists start to return .                                                 
" As a group they make up 4 % of the general population in contrast to 11 . 2 % of party membership ," it says .                                           
By the time I made it , I ' d dropped $ 800 , 000 and I didn ' t die every time either - sometimes I ' d crash into a car or fail part - way down or whatever .             
The team was feeling very well at that point and we had another chance that , maybe , could have changed the result .                                                 
' The one put a gun in my face telling me to run , and all of them had their way with her ,' he said .                                           
" No matter how smart you think you have been , there is always someone out there being paid a lot of money to figure out where you have slipped up ," he said .                           
And so the best piece of information , really , from that trip is we realized everything at NASA has to be function over form .                                             
And if you ' re black it seems you ' re more likely to be sentenced to custody for a crime than if you ' re white .                                         
The show , which starts Wednesday in Las Vegas , is the place for companies large and small to show off new connected devices .                                               
But no matter how well he played this year , the 31 - year - old said there was no chance he would stay on in 2017 .                                         
The more you slip up in front of goal and don ' t take them the more energy you give to the other team .                                               
" A lot of the players right across the country thought they would play in the A - League , stay in the A - League , qualify for the Olympics and go [ abroad ] after the Olympics ," he said .           
His recovery is expected to take around 12 - weeks but doctors have advised him to remain laid up in bed .                                                     
I don ' t know if you ' re trying to create a story about that match or , for that matter , any of the matches of the top players losing in the early rounds .                       
He was released with a positive report after tests and flew back to be with his daughter on 25 January .                                                       
The president used the event to defend and explain the series of executive actions he announced earlier in the week in an attempt to reduce gun violence .                                         
Women are more likely than ever to succeed when they are nominated , but they remain no more likely to be nominated than a decade ago , according to historical data .                                 
" I imagine it ' ll be tough because India will want a win under their belt before taking on Australia ," she said .                                               
It is true that managers used not to move as much as they do now , but that still suggests that it is rare for the right manager to find himself with the right players in the right circumstances .                 
Each class has a set of possible skills , four of which can be active at any one time , and so with a little gold you can build a given hero exactly the way you like .                     
Hillary Clinton is pushing back on attempts by her rival for the Democratic nomination , Bernie Sanders , to paint her as the " establishment " candidate .                                         
" There isn ' t a day that goes by that I think what could have been , but life is good when you look at the big picture ," Walker said .                               
While the job is demanding at times , it does help to work for an airline employees seem to love .                                                       
That date slipped , first to 2014 and then to 2015 , before it was finally launched in September of that year .                                                   
' She could bring a room to life , and light up someone ' s day by crossing the street to speak to them .                                               
" They didn ' t give her a moment to sit back and think that this was unusual ," she says .                                                     
Mr Hill also sees distance learning as a practical way for India to reach its target for another 14 million university places in less than 15 years .                                         
" Before it was about 50 - 50 for and against allowing in more refugees , but that ' s changing very fast now ," he said .                                         
And like any cat with Internet fame , he now has an Instagram that already reached 8 , 000 followers within 48 hours .                                                 
The full inquest is due to consider whether a third party was involved in James ' s death and what happened on the evening before she died .                                         
If the live trials go ahead next season and are deemed successful , video assistance could be introduced worldwide in time for the 2018 - 19 season .                                         
It ' s just -- once they saw the first wish granted here , our kids wanted to help give that to someone else .                                               
" I ' ve been here for 30 years myself and I ' ve never seen anything like this ," she added .                                                   
He is one of at least four cabinet ministers who are expected to campaign to leave the EU once Cameron has concluded his negotiations with fellow leaders , possibly at the next summit in mid - February .                     
" We have enormous problems facing this country , and I think we got more things to worry about than Bill Clinton ' s sexual life ," he said .                                     
Just last week , an elderly Georgia woman died after she slipped and fell outside her home while trying to help her disabled husband .                                               
" The local community really got behind us last year so we ' re happy to be able to return again ," he said .                                               
He said his men respect and love him because they know he will be there behind them when they go into combat .                                                   
Because the EU has strict emissions and economy targets , more and more cars are going to have stop start engine shut off technology .                                               
British charities and the leaders of opposition parties urged the government to let 3 , 000 more children start a new life in Britain .                                               
' It was like a military operation , you have to be prepared for every possible problem before you act ', he told police .                                               
I understand why they do it - it is built into their procedures - but it makes you feel like a criminal .                                                   
It ' s often thought that the most difficult time to be a mother is during a child ' s first few years .                                                 
The interview went well , then there was a week ' s trial before the training , which started last May .                                                     
If the government wants us to survive , we will live on ," said the 52 - year - old worker .                                                     
There cannot be a supporter who does not view Tottenham ' s decision to vote for the Sky deal with a lot of suspicion .                                               
Then he said : " It ' s tough to win these types of games and you have to know how to do it .                                                 
A group that says it targets online activity linked to so - called Islamic State ( IS ) has claimed it was behind an attack on the BBC ' s website .                                 
But with Prince George aged two - and - a - half and Princess Charlotte not yet one , it is clearly too soon to know how firm Kate will be .                                 
The bad news is that , increasingly , in this climate , it needs to be in order to have - never mind hopes of success - any kind of impact at all .                             
And that ' s where I met my best friend , Ian Daniel , who ' s been my soul twin ever since .                                                 
Christie , a former federal prosecutor who has made similar comments about Clinton in the past , argued he would be the best candidate to square off against Clinton in a general election .                             
I have to say I ' m pretty happy about the fact that so many people from all over the world want to live here .                                             
So hopefully he will like that but it will be good to meet him and see what he thinks I can do to get better as a player .                                       
These teams are too talented , and there ' s too much on the line - even if the national title is not .                                                 
Top judges ruled he must not be identified to give him a chance of a " successful life ," the paper continues .                                                   
The pop singer had been involved in a car accident earlier this month , in which he suffered a serious head injury .                                                   
David was everything I wanted to wake up to every morning for all sorts of reasons , that I don ' t think ... I can ' t even try to explain .                               
He confirmed a planning application for a mixed industrial and residential development was due for the site but had not yet been submitted .                                                 
New York authorities are investigating whether the NFL is engaging in anti - competitive practices on its ticket - selling website , an official said Thursday .                                           
Earlier this year , in the early summer we decided what we needed to do is have a mobile - first platform .                                                   
Every film is difficult to make ... but we all in this room know very well that pain is temporary , but a film is forever , right ?                                       
We have a good group of players at this club and I would like to think we could deal with anyone .                                                     
He ' s having regular checks , he ' s not able to join us in the regular squad for training at the moment .                                               
I know of one former soldier who found work as a security guard in Iraq , but has now been forced to give up his job simply because he was named in one of these legal investigations .                     
Alabama had allowed only 19 points in the opening quarter its first 14 games before giving up two touchdowns to Watson ' s Tigers .                                               
And they had to make it clear whether advisers were qualified to offer funds from across the whole market , or just a limited range .                                             
There ' s a lot at stake for the 9 - year - old , who stands about four feet tall .                                                     
In winter months , when bills may rise , it ' s even more important to make your money go further .                                                     
And when the sales assistant said that it only ran on the Apple II ( then selling for $ 2 , 000 ) they would tell him to add that to the order .                             
Men faced with danger are attracted to women with up to 25 per cent more body fat than in safe conditions , research said .                                               
The father was questioned on Friday evening , and computers and items from the family home were reportedly seized as part of the investigation into the attack .                                         
We don ' t understand what is wrong ( at least at first ) and so we can ' t predict what will happen next .                                             
Sturgeon also called for a " fundamental look " at the tax that North Sea oil companies have to pay in the light of the crisis the industry faces because of low oil prices .                           
But if this means they are able to enjoy themselves more that is not necessarily a bad thing , she says .                                                     
Yes , we worked hard but it was almost like as soon as you knew what you wanted , everything just started happening .                                                 
A spokesman said : ' We stand by the well - established principle that those seeking protection should claim asylum in the first safe country they reach .                                           
It said 2 . 6 million new cars were registered in 2015 - the highest figure for 12 years , according to their data .                                               
If the things in your home don ' t reflect that vision , you will never be happy in that space .                                                     
The expanded rules are expected to go into effect in time for the heavy political ad spending leading up to the November presidential and congressional elections .                                           
He said his son was stabbed four times in the neck but " did well " because of his physical strength .                                                     
I will probably never play like that again in my life playing cricket but I have done it once and at least I can say that .                                           
Another 10 to 15 people who were confirmed to have been at the party will be questioned by law enforcement in the near future , he said .                                         
Mr Cameron previously said he would stop all migrants coming to the UK from claiming in - work benefits for four years .                                                   
First , you ' re told to stick to one set of units , then you ' re told there ' s no safe level at all .                                         
You just need some time out , the whole family needs some time out , usually particularly the mother who has the child all day and all night and just needs a break .                             
We don ' t yet know from where , but usually these attacks are launched from places such as Russia or China .                                                   
It ' s a good learning experience for the future , but in saying that ... in such a short tournament you don ' t want to be learning on the run .                               
You laugh at me for buying clothes from charity shops and food past its sell - by date , and because I love my bus pass .                                           
He ' s been threatening to play a really big hand , so hopefully tomorrow is the night he does it .                                                     
Each young man ' s life ended , just as it was beginning , by simply being in the wrong place at the wrong time .                                             
He also said the U . S . is spending three times as much as the British and 50 percent more than the French on healthcare , and both countries guarantee it to all their citizens .                       
I just want to know everything that ' s going on and I think a lot of the players do .                                                       
The legislation also means a British national who has travelled to Iran over the past five years will no longer be able to visit the US without a visa .                                     
" When I was offered the chance to present with my mate Jimmy , I jumped at the chance ," she said .                                                   
The rise in total recorded crime is the biggest year - on - year jump since 2001 - 2002 , statistics show .                                                   
The hearing heard how the pair were having sex by April 2010 , a few months before she left the school .                                                     
The Kim family in the house behind the damaged property hoped the tree would be cut down , as it also stands over their house .                                             
I remember feeling an almost overwhelming sense of relief , though , that it had not been me alone who had failed her , not been good enough .                                       
She moved out West and got involved with a guy who was also heavily into drugs and alcohol , and had other health problems .                                               
The theme and plot were simple : a man standing up to outside forces that have threatened his community , his family and himself .                                               
The Netherlands have launched a criminal probe into those responsible for the shooting , but many experts doubt whether it will succeed .                                                   
" She is a friend , and a high quality person whom I have great respect for ," he said .                                                       
She describes herself as " an advocate for the girls - I make music that puts the guys in check .                                                       
He said hospitals and health care systems need to get involved beyond their own walls to help find solutions to the violence against children .                                               
She told us she felt safe here in the government - run camp - and she was grateful to the Russians for helping out .                                               
To us , it ' s the very idea of God that may have killed our friends a year ago .                                                       
We need to know exactly what our proposed new system of government will be and then choose between that and our current constitution .                                                 
This review will get to the bottom of these matters and will provide the government and the public with answers and recommendations for improvement .                                               
So , we ' re going to stay on top of this , with our Mexican counterparts , until we get that back in the box .                                           
A further 81 , 000 face charges of 5 to 10 per cent and 66 , 000 face penalties of even more than that .                                               
We will not be allowing anyone in or out until we have a clear idea of what is going on .                                                       
But museum staff decided to sell the vehicle four years ago - and it caught the attention of Mr Adams .                                                       
I think it ' s going to be a lot of fun , and the games they have scheduled appear to be really good .                                               
Among the bill ' s scores of proposals are a few that cut straight to the heart of what council housing has traditionally been all about .                                           
Researchers found the so - called third - hand smoke is a serious threat to health - especially in young children and those with underlying health conditions .                                         
Her post , which included photos of the bottle and the note , has since gone viral ; more than 4 , 100 people have shared it on Facebook , and hundreds have posted about it on Twitter .                   
During a trip to southern France in October , Evans told how he had been considering whether or not to have co - stars .                                               
" There was a lot of stress , and there were family problems and I was caught in the middle of it ," she said .                                             
So we need to constantly co - operate with integrity units in other sports , be it tennis , horse racing or rugby .                                                 
He ' s unique , he ' s new , he hasn ' t been out for 20 years on the national scene like Hillary .                                             
The user also sent a message to Chelsea ' s official Twitter account demanding £ 50 , 000 to remove the videos from the internet , though received no response .                                   
He said the necessary relationship between Britain and Russia would be continued with ' clear eyes and a very cold heart .                                                     
In the final minutes of trading on Thursday , shares hit $ 69 . 49 , a rise of 13 percent in the last 12 months .                                           
You see the massive scores and you see a lot of teams back - end their run chase at the moment or set up their score .                                           
With the country on high alert since the deadly attacks in November , and right through the New year holiday season , soldiers will be out in force protecting official buildings and religious sites for the ' Charlie ' anniversary .               
The board ' s 5 - 0 vote supporting the power rate increase came about a month after it endorsed a similar water rate hike .                                             
Of course , I ' m prepared to take the criticism , all managers have to take that and the numbers don ' t lie .                                             
It ' s fairly regular , maybe once a month that you go and meet someone , or every two weeks maybe .                                                   
One is the Lakers ' pick , which is top - three protected in 2016 and 2017 but is all Philadelphia ' s in 2018 if the Lakers keep it the next two years .                           
Some experts have warned we still don ' t know for sure if it is safe for mothers and babies .                                                       
The San Antonio Spurs got the test they were expecting all season at home , and it almost proved too much for them to overcome .                                             
It has long been an iron convention of Australian politics that the head of state , in practice , is the Governor - General .                                               
One study of nearly 8 , 000 gym members published in 2006 found that gym members paid an average of more than $ 17 per visit , far more than they could have paid if they bought a 10 - visit pass at $ 10 per visit . 
" You wouldn ' t have it any other way , it ' s the best thing that has ever happened to me ," he said .                                           
In an email to party members , he said : " I want to thank members again for their support over the years and my colleagues in parliament .                                         
She is an excellent mother , and people can say whatever they want - but her children mean the world to her .                                                   
He said the noise from the festival , which stressed the animals and forced them to move , was the main cause of the deaths .                                             
She said : ' As the oldest working primary school in Edinburgh , we are proud of our history and heritage and the school even has a dedicated museum to the local area .                               
We used to go to the beach every Sunday with the family and always had a ball to kick around on the sand ," he said .                                           
Despite providing shelter for 2 , 000 people per night in the city , Murray said it ' s not enough .                                                     
The office also says that the way that the law is written is " unclear " and that it is not possible to assess the powers fully because they are not specific enough .                             
Earlier on Wednesday , a spokesman for American Airlines said the plane had turned around after a medical emergency and that it was not security - related .                                         
Perhaps if the internet didn ' t exist , or maybe if they themselves had just posted it online on a small personal site , it might still have become famous .                                 
There needs to be an inquiry into how public authorities and companies spent money investigating peaceful organisations campaigning for the public good in a democracy .                                             
The U . S . Supreme Court declined to review his case earlier this month , and no new appeals were filed in the courts to try to block the punishment .                                 
" You know some candidates in this race who tell you it doesn ' t matter , what you ' ve done before , it does ," he added .                                     
But just the same , he keeps a bag packed and important items close by in case he has to get out quick .                                                 
How many are going to leave and go somewhere else because they get so fed up with they ' ve been treated by this Government ?                                             
Our thinking was , if it ' s going to work for these older students who have more options , that ' s really a powerful statement .                                         
Our company policies are very clear with regard to the duty of care for both customer and company vehicles , however we can confirm this was an isolated incident and the appropriate actions have now been taken .                     
He is in it for his business interests , watching out for the network to get paid rather than his fighter .                                                     
There is good reason for that : China has been responsible for half the world ' s growth since the financial crisis .                                                   
Still , it ' s amazing what you can put behind you when you ' re really committed to making important music .                                                   
The fact there ' s only five who have got past that mark shows how difficult it is to remain fit enough and good enough to get to that target .                                   
They have denied it was happening because local NHS hospitals were struggling to cope with the numbers of patients they were being asked to treat .                                             
There is a lot of money looking for a home across Asia - Pacific coming into Australia , particularly in this sector .                                                   
A government appointed commission is looking at whether to give new powers to ministers and officials to block requests from the public .                                                   
The contract gained 92 cents , or 2 . 8 percent to close at $ 33 . 22 a barrel on Thursday .                                                   
And set on fire to die ,' a former Iraqi resident now living in the U . S . but remains in contact with family in the town told Fox News .                                 
" Your mother and I don ' t yet have the words to describe the hope you give us for the future ," he wrote in a letter to his daughter on the site .                           
If we all work together , we are going to be one of those teams fighting for a top eight spot at the end of the year .                                         
They all knew they should be getting paid more , but it was an easier option to just accept things ," he said .                                                 
The spots explain that people are often not able to get out of the way in time and the best way to stay safe is to stay off the tracks , as it ' s not just illegal and dangerous , but deadly .         
Secretary of State John Kerry also said earlier this month that he was " very angry " and " very , very frustrated " by the release of the footage .                                   
" This is the first time that a computer has challenged a top human pro in an even game ," he said .                                                   
If it hadn ' t been for Jackson , there would have been no chance of me ever having kids .                                                       
As a result , consumers looking for better savings rates have turned to current accounts , which can offer better deals .                                                     
From there , an experienced officer - perhaps a retired executive - cuts the applications to about 200 or 300 .                                                       
We need them to play two big games with big minutes on the weekend , that ' s more important than running them through it at training .                                         
I ' ve already done this twice this year and three times in a single year is a bit much , but if I ' ll be in the south anyway , why not .                           
" I know people always like to talk about it as a preparation tournament for bigger things , but I don ' t see it that way ," he said .                                   
" I shared with the team today , I ' ve been through this experience before ," Fisher said earlier Monday .                                                     
Today ' s luxury cars have about 50 computers and run more than 100 million lines of software code , more than a large passenger jet .                                           
I had never spoken to any kind of mental or emotional health professional before so had no idea what to expect .                                                     
She keeps the home going and sorts out all the issues while I ' m off on a job I love .                                                     
I have never had a gun pointed at me before - I did not know what was going to happen .                                                       
" We want more people to play basically because it ' s played in Queensland , NSW and Victoria and we ' d love it to be played in the other states ," Mr Park says .                       
There are no charges at this time , and police will not release his name , photo or criminal record , he said .                                                 
" Like having my own key and being able to come and go as I please , and making friends with people ," she said .                                             
The very clear message we ' re giving to people is while we understand people do want to come and have a look because it ' s a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity , please don ' t touch .           
But with practice we can begin to " wake up " to those patterns and begin again - each hour , day and week .                                               
So unless you can start playing tennis when there ' s music in the background , that ' s a new rule .                                                   
According to an incident report provided by the San Antonio Police Department , the suspect " was very aggressive and was being held back by the group that he was with .                                 
On any other weekend it would have been the goal of the day as he cut inside before firing a shot into the bottom corner from 25 yards .                                       
The foreign ministry for the West African nation said in a statement Wednesday the two " have been cleared of any involvement in any terrorist activities " but are unable to return to Yemen .                           
So if Cruz had kept his Canadian passport he could have run for parliament in the UK and , with a lot of luck he might have become prime minister .                                   
It ' s too early to judge , but it seems the current process does not seem to be working .                                                       
I feel like I ' m home , you know - just like when I train my boys back home in Nigeria - I feel the same way here .                                     
ISIS is developing driver - free cars in a bid to carry out spectacular attacks against the West , it has emerged .                                                   
It ' s an incredible story , it has always been an incredible story , it just gets even more incredible when things like that happen .                                           
Three days later , after an organisation raised the alarm , police spoke to Mr Simpson - Kent at the family home .                                                   
There really is only one thing to do , and that is talk to your in - laws to clear the air .                                                   
The lowest - paid member of the crew will get £ 2 , 300 a month , while an experienced captain can earn up to £ 20 , 000 a month .                                 
" You don ' t go to McDonald ' s with kids in the car and get away without getting them something ," she said .                                             
First Minister Peter Robinson said the approval was " a welcome development " which would have a " positive impact " on the people of the city .                                         
I also ask everyone that you think about how our lives are at the moment and just put ourselves in their position and let ' s all make a promise to never let this happen again .                       
" If you are an artist in some sort of activist way , any way is right " to get your message across , he said .                                           
I ' m getting a lawyer and a public relations firm but I don ' t know if it ' s going to do any good .                                           
Despite his complaints , he had qualified as one of the eight candidates in the prime - time event Thursday .                                                       
If Greg Hunt is serious about the problem , he will call state and local government representatives together and pull them into line .                                                 
" It ' s a hard transition for students , and I just didn ' t get through that critical time ," she said .                                               
I feel that I failed her because I was the person who was supposed to be protecting her from this kind of thing but I was unable to protect her .                                   
I thought it would be difficult and dangerous , but I found the people were highly educated , it had great roads and a rich culture .                                           
" There is some sort of human impact that causes these birds to change their migration strategy ," she told BBC News .                                                   
This month , a high resolution camera was used to capture images of the site , which were compared with earlier photographs of the same spot .                                           
From our perspective that doesn ' t mean he ' s a bad person or that he ' s not right for another club , he just wasn ' t right for our club .                           
It will also look at whether the German car company was given political cover by the European Commission and national governments in the EU .                                               
' Before my breast surgery he told me that he only wanted me to have the surgery if I was doing it for myself and no one else - he didn ' t mind whether I had it or not .               
It has changed a lot , but if we recognize it for what it is : mental illness is a condition , it ' s learning to manage it .                                     
But the reality is also that there is less crime in this city than there has been at any time in the last 25 to 50 years .                                         
What good is this world , being free of Isis , if you have no one left to share it with ?                                                     
It ' s really rather too near the present day for us to be really getting our teeth into this one .                                                     
And I will campaign very hard to make that happen -- for a whole variety of reasons -- because they ' re far more likely to share my fundamental vision about where America should go .                         
According to The Associated Press , investigators have been told by her friends that they had been out at a club on Thursday Jan .                                               
While he said the extra travel was a factor , Collins said having the final at - bat was always an advantage .                                                   
The pilot of a corporate jet was hit in the eye multiple times and had vision problems through the next day , according to court documents .                                           
At the same time , actual people were coming who needed to be saved , so you didn ' t really have time to think about it ," he said .                                   
So it ' s clear that if we want to play the same way we will be without a chance because they ' ve been doing it for longer .                                     
" I didn ' t think it would go in ... I was like , are you serious ?" he said .                                                     
" We find it hard to understand how such different views by serious people , by legal people , could emerge from the same set of evidence ," he said .                                   
There ' s a lot of work to be done and we make a great team , so we ' re just happy we can continue with the leadership in the district .                               
Paul ' s new house , built in 2006 , has about 10 , 400 square feet of living space - more than twice the size of an NBA court .                                   
One resident opposed to the housing of her foreign neighbours , however , said the asylum - seekers should pay for new doors .                                                 
But I would say in terms of cyber security we are among the most secure countries in the world ; on the other hand , that is not saying much .                                   
Many have expressed outrage , saying that their own economic and family circumstances mean they have no choice but to stay within the city for much longer than a year .                                   
In a statement , the company added : ' We are currently conducting detailed investigations into this incident and in doing so are working closely with the relevant authorities including North Yorkshire County Council and the school .                       
In the area , emergency services said they had received more than 200 calls from people warning of damage to properties .                                                     
In a speech in Cardiff , Mr Osborne told business leaders that the British economy is moving into a " mission critical " year .                                               
Police say she was able to fight them off and run away , leaving one of her shoes behind in the park .                                                   
A photographer has completed a unique photo series , which has seen him shoot a naked woman in an abandoned location in every US state .                                             
It may be very unlikely that the Manchester United goalkeeper will move during this coming window but other clubs should still take note so that they too do not learn the hard way .                             
He said the force had not seen an increase in the number of weapons seized in the city , suggesting the same guns were being used in multiple crimes .                                     
Any attempt to tackle childhood obesity should , therefore , include a reduction in exposure of children to , and the power of , marketing .                                             
My holiday was more of a trip down memory lane , to see the beaches and the bars again and see how things had changed .                                             
The division employed highly trained doctors at each research station , which were supported by an " enormous " network of medical advice , he said .                                           
Asked directly if he was happy and planned to stay at the club , he responded : " I ' m happy at the moment .                                               
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says terror groups will continue to use him in their videos if he remains the front - runner and speaks out against them .                                       
There ' s some of those foot races - you take a shot , miss the net or you get a great offensive chance , now there ' s a race all the way back .                         
It ' s about how we choose to love , which is the most easy and difficult thing in the whole wide world .                                                 
Following his arrival in Brussels , Cook tweeted his 1 . 9 million followers claiming the company supports approximately 1 . 4 million jobs across Europe .                                           
The couple share their experience through social media and have an Instagram page with more than 12 , 000 followers , Facebook and website .                                               
But they decided she was not ill enough to receive the weekly benefit of £ 55 . 10 , or £ 82 . 30 for her personal care .                                       
The six winning numbers - 26 , 27 , 46 , 47 , 52 and 58 - were drawn on Saturday 9 January .                                                 
A photograph , which is a few years old , has been provided and we are asking people to see if they recognise him .                                               
As Europe struggles to respond to its biggest migration crisis since the second world war , a top Dutch politician said the Netherlands was working with some EU members on a plan to send migrants back to Turkish soil .                 
It ' s fair to say that my confidence had taken a blow and I was happy to let them continue with their roles .                                               
Public Health England is urging parents to sign up for a free app which tells them the sugar content of food and drink .                                                 
" What ' s the longest run of players one can come up with whose first name and second name are linked ?" tweets Chris Van Thomas .                                         
Stephen ' s solution is to get them into ( or rather , onto ) as many hands as possible .                                                       
I thought he was going to tell me I had just missed out again , so I was very happy with that .                                                   
It ' s a chance for him to come in and be himself and not worry about being a top pick and all the expectations .                                             
No - one other than the Star Man ' s inner circle knew he was suffering from cancer , leading to millions upon millions of fans being caught off guard .                                   
It ' s a US Open golf course so you have to come in very sharp and very ready to play .                                                     
Other allegations included staff trying to hide their actions by ensuring they were beneath CCTV cameras or in areas not covered by them .                                                 
Many markets are now in so - called bear market territory - a fall of 20 % or more from their most recent peak .                                               
Transport for NSW has guaranteed that any tree removed will be replaced with at least two new trees , while it will replace those deemed significant with eight new ones .                                   
That is a risk you take , it was a poor game and we didn ' t create so much and neither did our opponent .                                             
But here are the guys you should really feel sorry for : actual players who appear on this actual ballot .                                                       
We all need champions , people who believe in us and want us to succeed , whatever life path we find ourselves on .                                                 
His material that night included the joke heard ' round the world : " I like a drink as much as the next man .                                                 
It was the day after the worst snow storm in decades , but anxiety quickly turned to relief and even fun in the US capital .                                             
It is entirely reasonable for us to know whether they regard that as a problem , and what has been considered .                                                     
The ambitious teacher said her career was ' the most important thing ' in her life and that she wanted to continue working in teaching .                                             
If one wins , then the other is on the ticket as the vice presidential pick , that could set up the party for 16 years .                                           
I wouldn ' t mind if he ' s consistent , but through the whole game , I thought he was poor from the start .                                             
That ' s when she asked her 11 - year - old daughter to start filming so she could report the driver to police .                                               
" This is a type of film that you won ' t see coming out of the Hollywood studio system very often ," he said .                                             
I think in our country people should be free to wear what they like , within limits live how they like , and all the rest of it .                                       
So what appears to be the same black hole could be formed by the collapse of a large number of different types of star .                                               
The trial is the first of six scheduled throughout this year to narrow legal issues so other cases involving more than 1 , 000 people can be settled .                                       
Mrs Williams , who had been married for almost two decades , called police seven times in the six weeks before she was shot in August 2011 .                                         
A Department of Health spokesman said : " We have already taken steps to ensure an even more effective response in future .                                                     
" An emergency department is not an appropriate environment to support the recovery of a person with mental health issues ," he said .                                                 
The home was last purchased in 2008 for $ 5 . 5 million and has been on and off the market since then .                                                 
23 years ago I shake my head for the first time and I was at a ball game I was trying to cool my head down because it was a hot day in Austin they hit a home run I want to grab it .       
I read in the paper this morning and I didn ' t realise that there are 6 , 000 members and I think that 95 % of them were white , so that kind of answers a lot of the questions .             
The decline carried on in North America following news that US oil stocks had risen by 10 % in the past week - the biggest increase since 1993 .                                       
At that summit a final deal may be reached that would put Cameron on track for Britain ' s in / out referendum in late June .                                           
One study found while 80 per cent of men had overall positive feelings the morning after a one - night stand only 54 per cent of women did .                                       
Asked about Bill Clinton on the campaign trail in New Hampshire on Sunday , New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie said , " I have great respect for President Clinton and I ' ve gotten to know him over the years .               
The Prime Minister is having to keep open the possibility , however remote , that he might back a Leave vote should Europe not give him what he wants .                                     
While there has been this issue , there have [ also ] been seven days where there was no contact with his neighbours .                                                 
In the whole of the planet ' s life , less than 50 of its years are thought to have passed .                                                     
The timing of our public on - sale date is bizarre in its timing ... may God ' s love be with you .                                                 
But at some point those involved need to agree on a common ground and the message to go with it .                                                       
For the most part there ' s been little movement either way since lines went up on the other three games late Sunday .                                                 
" It ' s great for school lunch boxes and I love to buy local fruit so I know it ' s fresh and healthy ," she said .                                       
I am appealing for anyone who may have seen or heard anything suspicious in the Cleveland Road area this morning to contact us as soon as possible .                                         
U . S . crude rose $ 1 . 18 , or 4 . 2 percent , to close at $ 29 . 53 a barrel in New York .                                     
Although these techniques have yet to arrive in Britain , the Government ' s animal research advisers are expected to make them legal when the first full guidelines are published this week , The Times reported .                       
" It is these issues that put older drivers , their passengers , and other road users at great risk ," he told The Daily Telegraph .                                           
The only way to explain this finding is if Earth and the moon are made of the exact same material .                                                       
This was the woman who told us all on her birthday last July that she would wait to see Christmas and then let go .                                               
To go to the Olympics is a major tournament and a massive honour , so for those players to miss out is a big blow .                                             
A senior U . S . administration official told CNN it could take days to obtain the scientific data to determine whether this was a successful test .                                         
Police will be allowed additional time to question a 29 - year - old woman and a 23 - year - old man over the killing .                                           
Channel 4 is also said to have made an improved offer on the current contract , while Sky offered more but were turned down .                                               
The brutal fact - and they know it - is that if Britain left the EU , it would be a body blow to Brussels .                                             
White people appear to have a better chance of joining the police than someone from an ethnic minority in more than 68 per cent of the UK ' s forces , according to a report .                         
About 40 , 000 customers in New Jersey had no power by Saturday morning , and another 8 , 000 in Virginia were without power .                                             
' Before we mostly had guys returning who had made a mistake , who didn ' t realise that war can be painful .                                                 
Saudi Arabia ' s record on human rights and women ' s rights is often a cause for controversy in the United States .                                                 
It will give us opportunities to make sure that the facilities are appropriate for the most up - to - date thinking around learning and the courses that we can offer our young people .                           
They know a little about who they are and what they did to get out , but there remain several questions .                                                     
He would run , if it looks like it is going to be a general election race between Donald Trump or Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders .                                           
In an interview with ABC in August 2008 , he was asked whether he blamed himself for his wife ' s loss in the Democratic primary .                                           
I better make sure I don ' t waste my time because when you ' re ill you ' re ill , you can ' t do anything .                                       
The incident took place in the early morning hours on Sunday , and the video has been viewed hundreds of thousands of times since it was posted on YouTube two days later .                               
" Senator Sanders doesn ' t talk much about foreign policy , but when he does it raises concerns ," Clinton said .                                                   
We are in the middle - or perhaps still at the beginning - of a mass movement of people on a historic scale .                                                 
Just be aware that certain phones work on limited number of networks , so it ' s still not total freedom .                                                     
Once I got used to it and started my first race , I found all the very good people in my category were similar .                                               
The unprecedented prize has led to a flood of last minute demand for online tickets causing the website to run slowly .                                                     
" The basic structure is already there , and even if you stick two together , the structure holds ," Lee said .                                                   
" As a general rule , users should be informed when the government seeks access to account data ," the companies say .                                                   
For Newcastle ' s Mr Brown , however , the costs of what he terms a " modest reduction " in trading hours in comparison to the long - term effects on victims and their families makes what he thinks is an easy choice .       
Both sides came into the match on the back of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter - finals thanks to impressive victories last weekend .                                               
It added that less than five per cent of staff has the cards and only used them for buying parts , equipment or building materials .                                             
A teenager identified only as Lisa - the child of Russian immigrants in Berlin , Germany - was allegedly attacked in the city earlier this month .                                           
If she had accepted her police fine she would have had to pay out just £ 100 , and could have taken a driving course instead of having points on her licence .                               
The film is expected to begin production early next month with the release date currently set for February 10 , 2017 .                                                     
We worked very hard to keep the relevant parents informed , of both the initial incident and when students were safe and sound .                                                 
In tennis and in my game I still feel there is room for improvement , and that ' s my challenge every day .                                                 
After a road - heavy December , the Lakers returned home for a long stretch with 12 games in January at home .                                                   
I had such a busy year last year and I probably did a bit too much and it ' s probably why I got injured .                                             
It ' s just that I ' m an ambulance driver and we can ' t answer phones while we ' re driving .                                                 
People will definitely still turn out to watch us , even though we ' re not on the international scene at the moment .                                                 
I do not blame them for doing that , but I think they should share the responsibility in providing income which , indeed , is so essential .                                         
She would like to see the goal as 50 per cent - which is now Labor ' s policy - but would settle for 45 per cent .                                         
We all listen to the same music and my daughter and I wear the same clothes - so they don ' t expect me to get tired like an older person .                                 
The men served no more than a year until an appeals court judge ruled that the terms fell short of minimum sentences requiring them to serve about four more years .                                   
So it ' s an open question whether better campaign tactics will bring Sanders a victory , especially since Clinton is , of course , using the same tactics .                                     
Yet from our point of view , there is work to be done on the enforcement side of the regulations to keep society safer .                                               
" But I believe that I ' m the better person to be the Democratic nominee and to be the president and commander - in - chief ," she added .                                   
He has only played 34 first - class games since his debut in 2011 - 12 , so he certainly isn ' t worn out .                                             
It was thought the firm was originally planning to reveal the new Apple TV at its annual developers conference earlier this year .                                                   
We were really flat tonight with our shooting , I think we were leading the league in shooting percentage up to this round and certainly we didn ' t do that tonight .                               
" We would hope to hear some really good news , some positive announcement , within three to four weeks ," the source said .                                               
McDonald will need to perform better overall next time out but he picked up the win over a quality opponent .                                                       
The UN security council discussed the situation in Syria at a meeting in New York on Monday called by New Zealand , Spain and France .                                             
" It doesn ' t make a blind bit of difference how many times you have tried a particular set of numbers ," he says .                                             
For the second time in two days , an American Airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing Friday after passengers and crew fell ill .                                           
I ' m trying to keep it a bit low key at the moment ... I haven ' t told too many people .                                                 
" America needs a President who will push back against the growth of government -- and mean it ," the former New Mexico governor said in the email .                                       
Ronald Reagan ' s approval rating , 50 %, was just slightly higher than Obama ' s at this point , but it rose sharply during his final year in office .                                 
Newcastle ' s fans have only seen their side score 19 times in the Premier League this season and , despite producing some decent football , frustration was beginning to build .                                 
He will then begin teaching the technology to understand his voice so that it will learn to control everything in his home , such as music , lights and temperature .                                   
So I think it ' s a big step forward and a victory for the government ," he said at the time .                                                   
And the success of her channel means she is now able to offer some patients treatment for free , if they are willing to be recorded .                                           
She said there were two crime scenes , one a home and the other the school , and that police had seized a gun on his arrest .                                         
In Brazil the military has been called in to help hundreds of thousands of health officials and other government workers stop the virus from spreading .                                             
Kasich is locked in a four - way battle for establishment support in New Hampshire , almost all of whom are competing for second place after Donald Trump there .                                     
As he grew into a teen , they knew about his drinking and drug taking , but apparently did little or nothing to stop it .                                             
I ' m sure he will buy a few players and have a good team , have 35 players or whatever ," he said .                                               
Mr Corbyn , speaking while visiting flood - hit York , said : ' We are concerned about things like this and that ' s why it should be investigated .                                     
Not only is housing finally driving some of that , housing is finally moving at a much faster pace than the economy .                                                   
These rules could yet be rejected by the European parliament in a make - or break vote next month , forcing lawmakers back to the drawing board .                                         
I don ' t think it ' ll come to ' flying is only for the rich ,' but it ' s something to watch out for .                                         
The Soviet Union made great capital out of US racism at the time , regularly bringing up the issue on the international stage .                                                 
The row came as figures for 2015 released on Thursday showed a 7 % increase in new homes registered on the previous year , which means that house building is now running 75 % higher than just after the economic crash in 2009 .         
We have specialist officers providing ongoing support to Daniel ' s family and I would ask for anyone that has any information that could assist this police investigation to please get in touch and tell us what you know .                 
They said that wasn ' t an option but they offered us the garden which they said they were going to make into a bit of a memorial .                                       
We can ' t wait to help the minimum wage workers I meet who are working one , two jobs and still can ' t figure out how they are going to gather enough money to make any progress .                 
She ' s free on $ 50 , 000 bail but faces over 20 years in prison , according to police .                                                     
The foundation of our four - month relationship came full circle at the park exactly two weeks after we met .                                                       
It ' ll reduce my capacity for drinking , and then I ' ve got another 11 months to work it back up to the previous point !                                         
Last month David Cameron announced plans to encourage parents , of all social classes , he stressed , to sign up for government - backed classes on how best to raise a family .                             
" This is a great example of how [ the ] highest culture and highest art can at the same time be an interesting investment ," he says .                                       
In truth , my mother was 68 with a long life ahead of her , if only she could manage to break her addiction .                                               
When you play for Leicester there ' s a lot of pressure to perform and to achieve , and while we were keeping ourselves in the hunt for titles , we kept falling short by not delivering on those last crucial half per cents .       
If we could have changed players more often then no one would have had this intensity [ of games ] but you cannot have 40 or 50 players .                                       
The Department of Health stressed that the study didn ' t provide any evidence that Alzheimer ' s can spread through medical procedures .                                                 
In the 2012 season , the Broncos rolled into the playoffs on an 11 - game winning streak in which their average margin of victory was 16 . 45 points .                                   
EU leaders have pledged 3 billion euros to Ankara to help care for Syrian refugees , as part of measures aimed at reducing the numbers leaving Turkey and heading for Europe .                                 
The constant rain that has swept across the ground over the past two days has ruled out any chance of a result in the final match in the three - game series and the final Test of the season .                 
He described a vision to establish a ' village ' on the moon with multiple countries from around the world that could serve as a base for scientific , space tourism and even mining activities on the moon .                   
' I think this is the last chance they have before voting begins and he ' s still within two points of Ted Cruz .                                               
They call each other names in public , they put on the big show for the cameras , and behind closed doors , they ' re all friends .                                       
The other option is you ignore it completely and say " It was only one time " or , in last season ' s case , two times .                                       
Last month she said she was " very frustrated " at Jeremy Corbyn ' s leadership and said she would " knife " him as party leader if it becomes clear he cannot win the next general election .                   
He did write a gay novel , but he didn ' t allow it to be published until after his death .                                                     
A pain forecast " would enable me to change my behaviour and activity and manage my life better ," she added .                                                     
If you asked the same question at a different time of year , you would probably get the same percentage , but with different people , she said .                                       
Australia Post is trying to charge $ 1 a letter now in face of competition from email and other social media .                                                     
The stadium , scheduled to open for the 2019 season , is expected to be the most expensive in U . S . history .                                               
There will be between 10 and 15 members , and it involves Lord Thomas , the Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales .                                                 
But critics say it has forced local authorities in Scotland to cut services which are most likely to be used by the poor and the vulnerable .                                           
Meanwhile , it emerged today that the families of the victims could face a two - year wait for answers .                                                       
The report found a strong relationship between using a " push " email facility and perceived email pressure , so that those who automatically receive email on their devices were more likely to report higher levels of email pressure .                 
But what I also want to say to you is that you ' re really important to the future of this country .                                                   
But an estimated 80 percent of those infected suffer no symptoms , making it difficult for pregnant women to know whether they have been infected .                                             
He will hold a town hall on the topic Thursday that will air on CNN and is expected to make it a focus next week during his final State of the Union address .                             
The crash occurred in the morning , before most businesses opened for the day , in a part of the city surrounded by offices , hotels and restaurants .                                       
But overall , really happy with how I came out in the third and stepped up , considering it ' s been , you know , many weeks since I ' ve been in that position .                       
I think that if you ' re a young person that ' s your dream to play Test cricket for your country .                                                   
The police could be replaced by Britain ' s version of the FBI as the lead organisation in the fight against terrorism , according to a report .                                         
Next , share it with someone who knows you well but has never heard about that event or phase in your life .                                                   
" There are 50 , 000 people watching and it ' s over to you to deliver - that ' s what you ' re getting paid for ," he says .                                 
Mr Ryan said while he is open to the idea of a down - to - earth explanation , none so far seems to fit the bill .                                         
" We want consumers to be confident the policies they purchase will provide them with real value ," Ms Wells said .                                                     
" I felt like it was a short three - week break and continue what we were doing last year ," he said .                                                 
Oil prices reached their lowest level in 12 years earlier this week , but they jumped the past two days .                                                       
I ' ll tell you what my answer is : No , we already have enough to do , and if we continue to put more of a burden on our doctors , we ' re not going to have a lot of them left .     
Hillary seems to be the only candidate right now who ' s talking about how we can be strategic in trying to solve this problem .                                             
According to the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health , the leak is having health effects in some people .                                                       
Well , first of all you had the prosecutor acting like a defense attorney in front of that grand jury .                                                       
As a 17 - year - old , he was invited to attend Australia ' s Davis Cup squad for a training camp in Switzerland .                                             
" That ' s the third time out of the last four years he ' s won on the Australia Day weekend ," said managing part - owner Frank Cook , with one of those victories coming on Australia Day itself .             
Any law that we would bring in would need to be evidence - based and proven to have an effect , and not just grand - standing .                                         
Police said there was evidence of a break - in the night before and believe he may have been ' deliberately targeted ' by someone who thought he had a large amount of cash in the house .                     
Sometimes you don ' t , so we are all involved in the process and we hope that will get the job done .                                                 
The reason the super players are super is because they consistently find something within themselves to produce day in , day out .                                                   
But I didn ' t really have a plan for how I was going to go about making that connection .                                                       
If you ' re going to celebrate being Australian , then have a deeper understanding of what that actually means .                                                       
He writes : ' You do not need to be an expert in your field to make a difference here , even someone with a year or two of studies is a big help .                             
" We ' re going in and out of comedy and action at the drop of a hat ," says Miller .                                                     
Of course , some of the Flint people respond by looking for someone to blame instead of working to reduce anxiety .                                                     
It will be the featured game of an eight - game schedule that begins at 9 : 30 a . m .                                                     
The investigation into if , and how widely , these people were involved in concrete criminal activity on New Year ' s Eve is ongoing .                                             
Russian sanctions are now affecting Turkish tourism , construction firms and food exports , amid a bitter dispute over the Syria conflict .                                                   
The court observed that this was specific testimony of her mental processes in the jury room by which she arrived at her verdict .                                                 
It ' s a lot different to flying a plane and I found flying a bit easier than getting in a car seat .                                                 
He didn ' t warn me about his mother , so it was a shock when we were introduced weeks later .                                                     
On Wednesday , Obama and Sanders are set to begin meeting behind closed doors at 11 : 45 a . m .                                                     
But a look at his record reveals that in the years since the 1997 killing , he continued to commit shocking acts of violence .                                               
But he added : ' When it comes to protecting British people , the Prime Minister has made it clear that intelligence from Saudi Arabia has helped save lives and protect people in the UK .                           
So far , he ' s up to 5 , 500 , with a heavy focus on those in danger of dying out in the wild .                                           
It ' s a good idea to plan ahead if possible , but you can ' t always do that because things don ' t always happen the way you were hoping they would happen .                         
I call it a sort of addiction -- addiction that some in the United States have to sanctions and pressure .                                                       
He advised women in the country not to get pregnant for the rest of the outbreak - which he said could last until July .                                               
The annual address , typically delivered before a joint session of Congress , usually gives the president an opportunity to encourage Congress and the American public to embrace his policy agenda .                                 
Then in 2014 , Canadian scientists confirmed it was young and light enough to be classified as a free planet .                                                       
Man , I really want [ another ] 10 - day , but it ' s like , do I hold it off for a like a week ?                                       
In the early part of the 19th century , some Americans feared that the country was too big to hold together .                                                     
Germany is struggling to respond to a mass assault of women on New Year ' s Eve , and news that people suspected of a role in the violence included asylum seekers .                               
There was a time when I thought I could never do what Don did to Anna , where I truly believed I was above that kind of mistake .                                       
The Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission took legal action against Mr Ford ' s Department of Justice as part of its campaign for a change in the law .                                       
Bill ' s legal team fired back saying his wife had no first - hand knowledge of the allegations in the lawsuit .                                                   
My husband and I had a series of discussions with his parents ( at his mother ' s request ), and I learned a lot from the experience .                                       
He added : " They weren ' t that keen to have me involved anyway , but if I get in there , I ' m just going to cause trouble , because they ' re not going to do what I want them to do .     
" Her most important job has been , and will remain , that of a wife , mother and daughter ," he added .                                                 
Men in Japan can take up to 52 weeks of leave at 60 % of their salary , but only 2 % do .                                                 
Leicester City have won only two of their past six games but are still managing to surge along three points clear at the top of the table .                                         
Last year the website received over 50 , 000 bringing in more than $ 10 million to help girls everyone .                                                       
As it is , Apple ' s US stores generate more revenue per square foot than any other retailer of its kind .                                                   
I know when my tennis is on and when I ' m playing my best or very well I can beat the best players in the world .                                         
That is set to change to instead reward teams who win by three or more tries in a bid to promote attacking rugby even when teams hold a comfortable lead .                                   
Civil Guard officers said they believed he was trying to commit suicide rather than deliberately trying to cause other passengers harm as part of a terrorist act .                                         
Williams won six of the next eight games to take the first set 6 - 4 , then followed up by winning the first five games in her 6 - 1 second - set victory .                         
NHS patients will be able to travel to France for routine treatment in a bid to drive down hospital waiting times .                                                     
It did not report any misconduct to child welfare authorities until 1989 , in the course of Scott ' s lawsuit .                                                     
But even during this stage of flight , it is difficult to see that the technology would often be effective .                                                       
In the last resort , a state ' s voting rights in the EU Council - where government ministers shape EU policy - can be suspended .                                           
And I think he would call for all leaders in the region , whether political or religious leaders , to avoid adding fuel to the fire by making any statements that would increase tensions between different religious groups in the region .             
It ' s kind of sad that it will be because people won ' t be able to come and see it and they won ' t be able to see how pretty it is .                         
I used to read it every time I visited Spain but I go there so often now that I take other books with me .                                               
He says : " We focus a lot on the operations behind it to make sure that everything is taken care of behind the scenes .                                               
We feel strongly that with a well maintained , reliable public network , London can be a world leader in zero emissions transport where air quality is no longer an issue .                                 
But she told BBC Radio 4 ' s Today programme : " If we find that there is something to be concerned about if someone writes to us and says , well , this is maybe not as it should be then we will take a look .   
One of the girls he abused was eight years old and an image of a three - year - old child was discovered among the pictures .                                           
The gun that the victim ' s father said was used in the attack had not been recovered , according to the station .                                                 
MPs add their name to the motion in order to indicate support and build the profile of the issue , but a vote will not be taken .                                         
I was just happy that I could get the match in as I know many players are waiting for the rain to stop .                                                 
In separate incidents three other men were also taken to hospital on the same day after falling ill at two other locations in the city .                                             
" But what ' s good is that others in Europe are bringing forward ideas to address this problem so we have better control of movement of people into our country ," he added .                           
Their message seemed to reach at least some voters in Iowa : One asked Sanders to talk about his foreign policy experience at a campaign stop on Tuesday .                                       
In England , with the conditions the way they are , the Duke ball can move or do something a little bit different .                                                 
They ' ve just got a lot of great players , really good coaches that put those guys in a position to play their best .                                             
Turkey says its land border will remain open to migrants , a policy in place since the start of the Syrian civil war in 2011 .                                             
The whole time I was on hold - over an hour each time - it kept telling me that all the answers and services I needed could be found on the website .                               
It ' s fantastic to get over the line , not just for myself but for my family as well .                                                       
A 26 - year - old man accused of shooting a deputy during a federal drug raid at his home will remain in custody after a federal judge Thursday denied his request to be released from custody on bond .                 
He noted an index for new export orders increased by 3 . 5 points to an eight - month high of 51 .                                                   
I play a couple of weeks prior , I think , my third event in a row , which is normal for me there .                                               
I know I need to work a little bit harder and just keep getting step by step improving and just stay healthy , because I know the most important thing is you have to stay healthy .                       
In the hours before the debate , Fox News tried to make peace with Trump in the hope that he would change his mind and show up .                                         
So we ' d like to finish on a high and then New Zealand is going to be another big challenge for us .                                                 
Just about the only thing wrong with it is that the Academy responded so fast , promising to double its female and minority membership by 2020 .                                           
" Of course it would be far better if we could make progress on all these issues without having to resort to taxes ," he said .                                           
The biggest news in the music business was that people would still pay for an album if the artist excited them .                                                     
He also expressed doubt over the front - runner ' s commitment to his decision , saying he wasn ' t sure it would actually happen .                                           
And you know , that ' s the perfect result for me : a good face - lift is when nobody can tell you ' ve had one .                                       
At such times I could understand that some seriously ill people can choose to put an end to their own lives .                                                     
He has beaten Murray in three of those finals ( 2011 , 2013 and 2015 ) and also beat him in the semi - finals in 2012 .                                         
The 57 - year - old Israel also suggested that he would face a tough re - election contest and didn ' t want his leadership group to lose the seat to Republicans .                             
But I still love playing and I want to keep playing for a long time and I think while I ' m capable , why not ?                                           
She and the boy ' s father said they left their son with his great - grandfather while they went off to explore .                                                 
' You must start attacking before they attack you ,' the 23 - year - old says in the propaganda video .                                                     
Of all the countries of Europe in 2015 , Germany accepted the most asylum - seekers : more than one million last year .                                                 
" I think he and the vice president have tried to be fair and even - handed in the process , and I expect they will continue to do that ," Sanders said .                             
" When you see a basketball guy out there or a football guy , you kind of know it ," he said .                                                   
If you go into this expecting a number one single then you ' re a pop artist - and I don ' t think I am a pop artist ... yet .                                 
That ' s why I love those big wide shots , where you feel as if you ' re just watching them , rather than being told all the time where to go with it .                         
That means they are free to pursue their long - term targets , with United ' s Spanish goalkeeper very much among them , before the close of business next summer .                                 
These kids don ' t go to school , there are no responsible adults around and they don ' t have any real friends .                                               
But I live away from the house and have put CCTV cameras into the property to keep an eye on my dad .                                                   
It ' s also expanding a residential car - sharing project to more apartment buildings in New York City and to Chicago .                                                   
" I ' m asking the U . S . or South Korean government to rescue me ," he told CNN .                                                     
Such bonds , created in the 1980s , have seen increased demand from investors because they offer competitive returns and are relatively safe .                                                 
You will get a very different reading if you say you are 18 to 25 year - old male than if you say you are a middle - aged woman .                                   
" I think it ' s a great goal to set , to try and set something to shoot for versus trying to look at behind you at who is coming up ," he said .                         
I didn ' t for a long time , I didn ' t want to because I was scared about what it would do .                                               
For more than 50 years , only Australians have served as Governor - General , and that , too , has become an iron convention .                                             
We have urgent business to do in America and if you give me the chance , I will work my heart out for you and I will continue to learn from you and make sure that we move forward .                 
This group includes people fleeing war - torn countries such as Syria , who are likely to be granted refugee status , as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives , who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants .         
So initially we thought we ' d make a lot of changes for Broadway , but we put half of them back before opening night .                                             
The 2007 address launched Obama -- then beginning his third year as a U . S . senator -- on an long - shot path to the White House .                                     
I fight every day because of what I have been through to make my children realise that they are worth something and they are perfect the way they are .                                     
Still , if a poll were held today , the two parties generally seen as pro - Russian would together get the biggest share .                                               
But concerns around a hard landing in China have raised questions about the flow on effect from one of Australia ' s key trading partners .                                             
Over the last year , California has added jobs at a rate of 2 . 9 %, faster than the 1 . 9 % growth rate nationwide .                                         
There are a variety of different circumstances that people face in high school , that it does not take into account .                                                     
The law firm has been commissioned to file a report that will be considered by the Conservative Party board before it is published .                                                 
Yet , without him and those like him , Britain , New Zealand and their allies would have been on the losing side in the World War II .                                       
It is not unusual to hear calls for the gender pay gap to be closed , but it ' s normally women who are getting less money than men .                                     
For example , roof damage caused by a storm that affects numerous homes in an area is likely to be successful .                                                     
" I basically needed a way to make more money to pay my mortgage and to let my daughter have a beautiful wedding ," she said .                                           
He agreed to make a single drug to treat HIV at low cost , if his guests would help him market it .                                                   
The British Medical Association has planned three days of strikes as part of its dispute about the Government ' s new contract .                                                   
Scotland begin the tournament at home to England on 6 February then visit Wales and Italy before hosting France and finishing in Ireland .                                                 
I felt a bit better when I was warm and dry , but the new village soon knocked that out of me .                                                   
What we need to do in Wales is to have a real focus on outcomes and not just on treatment times .                                                     
" I took a grand and left to seek fame in the city lights of London town ," he wrote .                                                       
" In light of what is at stake in these talks , I appeal to both sides to make the most of this moment ," he said .                                         
As economies start to slow , including China , Russia and Brazil , the impact could be felt here as well .                                                     
The health minister was speaking ahead of a political summit to be held in February on health and social care .                                                       
I don ' t think there ' s been any of that ( negative headlines ) the last couple of months .                                                     
Isis has used tools and services made in the west for its own gain , which has put technology companies , particularly social media companies such as Facebook and Twitter in a difficult position .                           
I think the U . S . Will always feel like home to me , but it ' s an incredible experience to get to live in Paris .                                       
They ' d argue the fundamental arguments haven ' t suddenly changed - and many councils across Scotland are currently looking for new cuts and savings as they ' re set to receive less overall from the government in the coming year than they ' d anticipated . 
He did speak publicly against the war in Iraq , but not until 2004 - a year after it started .                                                       
He said a recent agreement with Turkey would not be enough to stop hundreds of thousands of migrants from coming to Europe .                                                   
' When I managed to get to her , the first thing she kept saying to me was , ' He had a gun , he had a gun .                                       
If Europe can ' t protect its own borders , it ' s the very idea of Europe that could be thrown into doubt .                                               
" These are not only recommendations that are well within my legal authority and the executive branch ," Obama told reporters gathered in the Oval Office .                                           
This attitude has created a great deal of pain among those who do not fit in , not least transgender Muslims .                                                     
He did say the 23 - year - old failed to report to the team ' s facility on Sunday for treatment .                                                   
The survey comes after official data released yesterday showed the UK economy grew by 2 . 2 per cent last year - down from 2 . 9 per cent in 2014 .                                 
One in four had C - level positions , which are some of the highest - level jobs within a company .                                                     
And not simply in terms of fashion , although his ever - changing look was an obvious source of immediate appeal .                                                     
In England , Arsenal have won the FA Cup for the last two years but here I only hear talk that they haven ' t won the league for I don ' t know how many years .                     
But he also claimed to have set up a safety catch on his server , which he said would release sensitive information if he did not check into it , a possible side effect of arrest .                       
The Rams have not had a winning record since 2003 , and they are coming off a 7 - 9 season .                                                     
While the worst of the dangerous , deadly winter flood was over in the St . Louis area , the water was slowly make its way south .                                         
Not every new social media site is going to take off , but a few novel ones might hit it big in 2016 .                                                 
France has been on high alert since Islamic State militants killed 130 people in shootings and suicide bombings in Paris on 13 November .                                                 
Scientists held up a red card in front of a baby ' s eyes and measured how long the baby looked at it .                                                 
" Our most recent research shows that about 40 per cent of women affected by violence do not have the required evidence in order to apply for family law legal aid ," she explained .                           
" I think anything that happens to you between the ages of zero to 18 , and probably further on , has a lasting impact on you ," he suggests .                                   
A man who was thrown several feet in the air and left for dead during a hit - and - run crash is " getting better slowly ," according to his wife .                               
While reaching for the odd food fix is seemingly a natural thing to do when feeling a bit low , it can become a problem if you let it .                                     
He added that police officers had to come in and wait by Jones ' table until they paid their bill .                                                       
The next - in - line tale is correct , but the moral of the story isn ' t what people think .                                                   
If one of them died , the sister who survived would be likely to be left with a tax bill of at least £ 100 , 000 , and possibly a good deal more .                           
But having a big role with her [ club ] team , having success in that role , now she ' s just very confident .                                             
Though the players are still dealing with the consequences , training at a local school ahead of tomorrow ' s match , the worst is behind them .                                         
" It ' s good to I guess test yourself physically with a couple of long matches back - to - back ," she said .                                             
It ' s not even regarded as a cost - cutting exercise , as public - sector jobs are protected and not many heads will roll .                                           
The running community continues to grow in Adelaide and any way we can help to promote healthy activities is a good thing .                                                   
I ' m sure I would have been involved with the Australian junior golf program and trying to advance it .                                                       
Labour sees the bill as the work of a government set on nothing less than the end of council housing as we know it - and on the ground , plenty of people agree .                           
Last summer , at least two people , including a former New York City school teacher , were charged in connection with the ongoing investigation .                                             
We might think we know where we ' re going , but the way ahead , and the path behind , are unclear .                                                 
The former Labour voter said he decided to become a politician after his pregnant wife almost died when she had to wait for more than an hour for an ambulance .                                   
And if we can create an environment that ' s just a little bit safer for -- in those communities , that will help .                                               
When I think about public health recommendations , I think about what I would want for my own family , and in this case , for my own wife .                                     
The rescue organization started getting messages and calls about a dog on the side of the road on Saturday and went to see if they could assist on the following Tuesday .                                 
I heard they want to go to China , which will promote the sport because it is so big in Asia , we need it there as well .                                       
I want a Europe that works for France , just as I want a Europe that works for Britain , but we ' re both proud European nations with , I think , a lot to be proud of .                 
His record speaks for that , so for him again , as far as I know , and I spoke to him this morning , it ' s about playing that first grade game in February and seeing where it takes him from there .       
That trend contributed to a 5 percent increase in the nation ' s trade gap in the first 11 months last year .                                                   
Two men , aged 20 and 24 , have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and remain in custody .                                                 
It ' s always felt we were having an argument that this is the sort of thing that children want to read and now it feels like we ' ve won the argument .                             
Many of the center ' s roughly 600 employees have continued to work and visited their clients ' homes over the past month .                                                 
The England Under - 20s star said : " It ' s been my dream to play in the Premier League since I started playing football so I ' m very happy to join the Club .                         
You ' re never sure what players you are going to get back until they return for pre - season training .                                                     
" They had a chance to show support , and it wasn ' t popular at the time ," Bush said .                                                     
It is for them , and all the young people growing up in London , that I want to stand up and help make our world - leading city into a world leader in equality .                         
We are going to spend a bit of time in Dubai as our daughter lives there so I just want somewhere I can lock up and leave .                                         
He quickly looked to Twitter to find out what was happening , which he could read tweets from others , but wanted to see more .                                             
The company ' s share price has fallen 35 % since October and same - restaurant sales were down 30 % in December .                                                 
The report said people earning less than £ 30 , 000 a year were five times more likely to be replaced than those with a six - figure salary .                                     
CCTV footage confirmed the reports that a person was running near the home before the fire took hold , but police could not say whether that indicated a crime has been committed .                               
I could see where if it was in another town and just a temporary venue , it may be a problem .                                                     
After an hour long interview about my childhood and why I felt the way I did , I was told I was a successful candidate .                                             
Officials acknowledged though that it was more than four hours after the attack - in which 30 people died - began before security forces tried to enter the hotel .                                     
But the company has said that it has added Chinese language options , and that it will keep pushing to enter the country .                                                 
The success of the Valley ' s previous major events became the building block for the latest run - and beyond .                                                     
For the last several years , it has worked , as both have been valuable members of a good defense .                                                       
I also want to thank football in general , for the bad and the good , for it has made me grow and learn .                                               
' But I only get between 800 and 1 , 200 likes on an average photo - so that ' s how many followers it really feels like I have .                                   
Putin said that , despite tensions with the West , both sides had a shared interest in fighting Islamic terrorism .                                                       
This year , I ' m helping Sport for Freedom and the Premier League raise awareness to stop child trafficking .                                                       
She explained that the attack happened at the end of July 2015 when she was on a night out with a friend .                                                   
" The vision is great , but it ' s hard to imagine you would be successful within three or four years ," he said .                                             
But we ' re trying to bring them into the game a little bit , even though I don ' t think we ' ll see them here one day .                                   
A group of people in the picture that he had originally posted with the comments had " absolutely nothing to do with it ," he added .                                           
The council had already committed to delivering 3 , 000 affordable and low - cost homes at 22 sites in the city .                                                   
In the face of diplomatic pressure from China , she wants Taiwan , with its huge export machine , to strike more trade deals .                                               
I ' d want it to be early in the morning , when there aren ' t so many people about , nice and quiet , and in summer .                                     
Indeed , after decades of " white flight " to the US suburbs , since 2010 American cities have seen increases in white populations .                                               
She admitted that the boys gathered at her house ' in and out ' between December 2013 and March 2014 , which is when the alleged offences were said to have taken place .                             
He also believes that by pulling out of the debate he ' ll probably grab all the headlines anyway , which he is currently doing .                                             
But it was a risk he was willing to take for the chance to get his life back and feel normal again .                                                   
It ' s been long and drawn out , but because he always showed enough the owners were very understanding .                                                       
There is generally a flight of investment capital from the energy sector when it ' s as sick as it is , which means that to get money to do things is also a challenge ," he said .                   
The exact details of the experiment , which took four months to set up , will be revealed on the night .                                                     
It should all have resulted in the wife receiving only around a third of the value of the couple ' s assets , he claimed .                                             
Police are becoming " increasingly concerned " about a 43 - year - old woman who has gone missing with her two children .                                                 
Most areas in the UK saw a rise in the number of new homes registered , although there was a drop of 9 per cent in London after two record years of growth .                             
' The courts will have to decide on the level of sentences , but that penalty is in principle absolutely possible for sexual offences ,' he said .                                         
And so the 30 years that they got from me , I count today -- I count every day as a joy .                                                   
It ' s getting on for 34 years since I stopped using the stuff that came close to killing me .                                                       
The England player has made his way into the starting 11 in recent weeks and will be motivated to put in a decent shift .                                               
An Irish grandmother proved you are only as old as you feel when she was filmed playing knock - a - door - run on a house in Ireland .                                     
She said : ' My mum started to notice and tell me it was getting too much , but I was too out of control to stop .                                           
If you or someone you know is dealing with the aftermath of sexual assault , there are organizations that can help .                                                     
We give the girls tennis lessons because I said so , because I think it ' s a good thing for them .                                                   
But mainly he made a case for his wife , calling her a " change - maker " throughout her life , both in and out of elected office .                                     
" I think it ' s probably increased the business by a factor of 10 or 20 ," he says .                                                       
It is incredibly important to note right here that some people can ' t breast - feed for medical reasons , because they physically can ' t do it or don ' t feel comfortable doing it .                     
They didn ' t use enough common sense to say in a situation like this , there should be more measures .                                                     
However since then the economic recovery has started to lose momentum and events around the world point to a story time ahead in the UK .                                             
We wanted to see how quickly we could get them in shape : lose some fat , but still retain their muscle and improve their strength and fitness .                                       
It was a really easy transition to make because everyone made me so welcome and I soon realised that we were all in the same boat .                                           
Now , with overseas flights apparently about to begin , the airport ' s potential is close to being fully realised .                                                     
As your writing and performance is based so much on your experiences , can you ever simply enjoy what you ' re doing and not think about books or stage shows ?                                 
That ' s how I planned it after the Davis Cup because of the way the year finished for me and with everything coming up .                                             
The changes would focus on reducing personal income tax and , " to the extent that is possible ," cutting company tax .                                                     
For example , if you went to university and gained a stone or had a bad break up and lost two stone .                                                   
David Cameron has condemned Mr Trump , who has major business interests in the UK , but said he should be allowed in .                                                 
It ' s a good change the league has made , and now it ' s on the players to put on a fun show that fans want to watch .                                   
She added she hoped system changes would in future protect vulnerable people , like her husband , and the wider public .                                                     
We set out to prove that , as so often in the so - called " war on drugs ," nothing was as it seemed .                                             
It ' s never too early to teach your child how to properly respect others , especially women ,' she added .                                                     
Do this once or twice a week for the first week and add an extra cycle each week for a month to notice a real difference .                                           
In 2010 the festival was attended by around five million people which made it the second largest Muslim gathering on the planet .                                                   
In the book , Francis doesn ' t commit himself one way or the other , but he indicated that his ultimate decision may draw on a personal experience .                                     
According to Live Science , the 38 - year - old man went to the doctor last spring after losing up to 22 pounds over the course of three days .                                   
The former MP said she made the expenses claim by mistake when she put in the bill for her Sky package .                                                     
It ' s great , I ' m very happy , but to be honest I ' m already focused on my quarter - final .                                             
The chancellor refused to back down on Thursday , saying it was indeed a success that : " When I became the chancellor , Google paid no tax .                                         
If they did , then you would see ten times as many black actors cast in top roles in big films .                                                     
Vietnam saw record low inflation of 0 . 63 percent in 2015 but the rate could rise to 5 percent next year on anticipated increases in electricity , education and healthcare prices , the government said on Thursday .                   
He said that because the rain had fallen without moving on quickly , it had led to flooding in some parts .                                                     
Williams , so used to coming back from seemingly losing positions , had a chance to level the third set but dropped her serve .                                               
This year , in our first game , we conceded four goals and lost 4 - 2 ," he said .                                                       
Without Trump , Fox News ' audience did not approach the level of the first debate or either of the two shown last year on CNN ( 23 million viewers on Sept .                               
It does a higher percentage of its trade with the EU than we in the UK do , in fact more than the vast majority of EU members do .                                     
I started talking to other teachers at my school and proposed that we try to save as many jobs as possible by taking a 2 % to 3 % pay cut .                                 
The warning from the commission came in the form of a draft report on Greece ' s performance , which still has to be endorsed by a qualified majority of EU governments .                               
If we had done it they probably would have pulled us over and spoke to us , they should run by the same laws as the rest of us .                                     
The identity of the third British - Iranian citizen currently behind bars in Iran has not been released by their family or the Government .                                               
2 ) The letter sets out your view ( as you said publicly last week ) on the contract and industrial action .                                                   
There were 28 people who had all five of the white balls that were picked in Saturday night ' s historic drawing .                                                   
" The crowd is much larger than we had expected and we ' re dealing with it as best we can ," he said .                                               
And , as indicated before Christmas , there will be a clear government position , but it will be open to individual ministers to take a different personal position while remaining part of the government .                         
The government ' s view is simple : the duty is about protecting people from harm - and schools should come up with guidance that meets the reasonable expectations of the law , just as they must already do to combat sexual or physical abuse .     
The quality has been improving for some time now , however , and I ' ll be looking to drink a lot more of them in 2016 .                                         
What you can do with that sort of number is quite different to what you can achieve with four or six children .                                                   
If this was someone that was 2 - 14 that did this to us , then I ' d be really concerned .                                                   
However the unemployment rate remained at 20 . 9 percent of the workforce in the final three months of the year , which is still a threat to the country ' s long - term economic growth .                     
The research was part of a wider survey of the pay gap across the UK , showing the differences in pay between people , based on everything from what job they do , to how old they are .                   
That ' s what happens when a team comes to town with a perfect record and leave with its first loss .                                                     
White people also did bitter things , but we are still grateful for the faith and we are bringing it back .                                                     
It seems likely that attention will soon turn to additional restrictions on international banking activity in North Korea , and the role of Chinese banks will be central .                                       
It is a problem parents face every year - how to get the kids to bed early on New Year ' s Eve .                                                 
' I was not sorry , I had done nothing wrong , I wanted to meet with ( the woman ) and I wanted to put the record straight ,' he told the jury .                           
A state plan to save $ 15 million on Flint ' s water bills may now cost $ 1 . 5 billion to clean up , Moore said .                                       
If you were paying proper attention to the sound , you would have noticed that his singing was off - key and out of time , too .                                         
If you want to sit in the back row that day , that ' s $ 43 , also up from $ 35 last year and $ 30 two years ago .                                 
" I thought I could help because I could see the space between the lines and this is the way I want to play ," he said .                                         
Clinton has also used guns as a political tool against Vermont Sen . Bernie Sanders , her top Democratic opponent .                                                       
The pay rise means staff aged over 21 will get an increase from £ 6 . 70 per hour to £ 6 . 85 , while those aged between 18 and 20 will collect £ 5 . 45 per hour instead of £ 5 . 30 .   
But it would be really great to have someone who knows energy and is pro - responsible development to be in charge .                                                   
U . S . stocks managed some small gains Tuesday , but not enough to make up for big losses from the day before .                                               
" I don ' t know what this guy was thinking to do that in that place , especially at 4 o ' clock ," he told Channel Seven .                                     
A train company has been stopping at a remote station for the past three years to pick up just one passenger .                                                     
With each call - out estimated to cost £ 300 , the bill for all incidents in 2014 - 15 is likely to top £ 2 . 3 million , before the cost of hospital treatment .                       
We could easily go the other route and sign players who have done it but are potentially past their best .                                                       
But the case of the Canadian teenager and his " funny " alarm clock is far from being an isolated incident .                                                     
The Dubai government ' s media office said on Friday that 90 % of the fire had been put under control .                                                     
' People came up and I began talking to them , among them this little boy ,' Mr Putin said afterwards .                                                     
My pictures show the community , the cars and the nature , and I hope people will get a feel for what it ' s like to be there .                                     
What we ' ve been trying to say is that a person is dead whether or not someone else shot them , they were shot by accident or they shot themselves on purpose .                             
The fans for a long time had been wanting to see these characters again , and I think that in this particular series of episodes it ' s a really good mix of what the show used to be about .               
" We ' ve had people flying up from south Thailand , we ' ve had people coming straight from the train when they ' ve heard ," said Ms Hall .                                 
So is the Iranian nuclear agreement , which has given Iran access to billions of dollars that had been blocked by sanctions and left it still with a large nuclear infrastructure .                                 
All energy now is focused on getting the deal with Turkey working , on building the hot spot and reception capacity in Greece and Italy , so that will be all of the focus over the next two months .                 
At the last Republican debate , Cruz made fun of " New York values ," which had come up in a radio interview earlier this month .                                           
The charities also highlight official figures which suggest that nearly a quarter of the population will be over the age of 65 in just over 20 years ' time .                                     
They were let in at one end and only had their owner ' s voice to guide them to the exit .                                                     
Unfortunately that ' s not going to be with me , but I want to see the team do well .                                                       
The FBI ' s account of the shooting came almost two full days after two passengers gave their own accounts in videos that were shared widely over social media .                                     
He was announcing the government ' s decision to maintain Film Australia - together with its studio complex - as a government - owned company working in the national interest .                                   
But the 29 - year - old public health academic believes that is not a reason she , like roughly 2 million other Australians , should not have the right to choose her own fund .                         
So suddenly I heard the voices of my friends and it struck me I hadn ' t heard another voice for years .                                                   
9 New Hampshire primary , saying he ' ll commission a second poll after New Hampshire and make a decision in early March .                                                 
For all those reasons , while some progress has been made post - Paris , there is still a long way to go .                                                 
I ' ve come to realize that if in fact it does hurt me in the entertainment business , at this point in my life , that ' s OK .                                   
Also Thursday the president announced he would not support any candidate , even from his own party , who did not support the same kind of " common sense " gun laws he did .                           
In this case , though , I don ' t think it ' s a matter of age , because lots of young actors have played him .                                         
This negative interest rate policy doesn ' t directly affect consumers , but rather the financial institutions that hold money at the Bank of Japan .                                             
Of 36 organizations listed , Fox News stands out as the crucial source to 88 % of conservatives who say that they trust the information they receive from the channel .                                   
The device sits over your head , while you lay back and watch movies from the privacy of your own box .                                                     
We were shocked by some of the results and as a nation we need to make time to get to know our cars .                                                 
There comes a point in every adult ' s life when one stops and thinks : I could really use a personal assistant .                                                 
At the time , public place shootings and gang activity dominated Sydney ' s criminal landscape , though the links ­ between these crimes , the players involved , and terrorism , were few .                           
But the limited benefits from reducing class size come at a cost ; there are many cheaper and more effective ways to improve educational performance .                                             
Iowa ' s importance has only increased in recent days , given a string of polls that show Sanders leading in New Hampshire .                                                 
I sent my husband up to see how long the line was so they didn ' t have to wait there .                                                     
The government , which took power in November , argues it needs to reform some state bodies because they represent only the interests of the previous liberal ruling team .                                     
Education is the most important investment we can make in Syria ' s children , the country ' s future and stability in the region .                                             
" It ' s not easy when you ' re not feeling the ball well and when you ' re not moving that great ," Djokovic said .                                         
Others want to get the ball in their hand , or demand to be put in the middle when the going is tough .                                                 
World - class research and NHS staff training is under threat from higher education budget cuts , bodies representing universities have claimed .                                                   
If you have a young family it ' s tough - they ' re at school and all those sort of things .                                                   
There ' s very few players that will have made five Australian Open finals , so I have to be proud .                                                     
Two - thirds of UK arms exports go to the Middle East , and that ' s unlikely to change .                                                       
The alleged planned attack is not thought to be connected to the Paris attacks of November 13 , which put Belgium on high alert .                                               
Mr Ford explained that this is not the case elsewhere in the United Kingdom , adding : " I believe that is not what people in Northern Ireland would wish to see .                                 
Thomas , 29 , is in the final months of his current Team Sky deal , having joined the British - based team when they were formed in 2010 .                                     
" I ' ve been around a long time , people have thrown all kinds of things at me ," she said .                                                   
He has also faced further criticism for sharing with colleagues a photograph of the woman that had been taken on his phone .                                                   
From being ahead on the year by 2 . 4 %, the fund went 1 . 2 % behind and finished the year down 1 . 99 %, according to figures that came out last week .                       
The country has a reputation for cheap medical costs and high success rates , which makes it an attractive option for many couples .                                                 
This too is a trend catching on in India , where six of the 10 most popular shopping apps in 2015 were mobile - first .                                             
' At least he will no longer sit in a prison having three meals a day all paid for at the taxpayers ' expense because he never let Daniel have that luxury .                               
Here is my guide to some of the key things to look out for in Scottish politics between now and then .                                                     
And for most people who take a drug like this , you are twice as likely to get into a car accident .                                                   
There ' s every chance he hasn ' t , meaning Australia again doesn ' t have a live chance in the men ' s draw heading into Australia Day .                                   
He said : " It was not a popular thing to do but I felt strongly that it was wrong to strike .                                                     
Under the new rules , voting rights will only be given to those who have been active in the industry in the past decade , have been nominated for an Oscar , or have worked in the industry during three separate 10 - year periods .     
But scientists are expecting more intense heat during the months ahead , which should bring with it more wild weather .                                                       
As of last week , the number of cases in Brazil alone had reached nearly 4 , 000 since the first case in May 2015 .                                             
' What ' s surprising is the number of first time buyers who say they will be looking to buy their first property abroad .                                               
There were three Isis fighters standing nearby but they had their backs to us and didn ' t see us running , but they were so close .                                         
It makes excellent sense for pregnant women to avoid putting themselves in danger of infection , but for women who are already in danger of infection to avoid pregnancy is an entirely different strategy , and it ' s not going to work .         
How many British fighters have travelled to their opponent ' s home ground and came away as fighter of the year ?                                                     
We also believe that Tony was deliberately targeted in the belief that he had a large amount of money in his house .                                                   
They should all fear that the story will tell itself in some smartphone video that will probably appear on some website before the end of the week .                                         
I ' d ask you to craft a specific tweet in real time or take a picture of yourself holding up a piece of paper with something written on it .                                   
If I had been at that meeting I wonder whether that would have been the time when someone would decided to do an incident form .                                             
The Pentagon said the U . S . Air Force had given Boeing an initial contract worth $ 25 . 8 million to design the new plane .                                         
There ' s obviously a standard level of security that ' s required regardless of threat levels or anything like that ," House said .                                               
" I think that when everybody ' s story is told , then that makes for better art ; it makes for better entertainment ; it makes everybody feel part of one American family ," Obama said .                     
A further 24 forces said they could not provide results , meaning the true figure is likely to be even higher .                                                     
Kelly also said she still believed Trump might make an appearance , something that definitely will not be the case as he has announced details for his veterans event .                                     
But then there was absolutely nothing else to do , and I thought while I ' m here , it was really worth trying to spot a bit of the old town .                               
It ' s far more important to their education that they use this technology in a safe , smart , responsible manner ," he said .                                             
If one thing is clear , it is that people are not getting the message to avoid A & E and go elsewhere unless it ' s a genuine emergency .                                   
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said last week that an election was likely to be held some time in August , September or October .                                                 
In a statement he said : ' Russia must take all necessary measures to ensure that such violations do not happen again .                                                     
He said the teammates would be shocked and the full impact of his death might not be obvious for some time .                                                     
The party has also pledged , if it wins power later this year , to reverse the $ 30 billion reduction to school funding over the next decade revealed by the Coalition in its first budget .                       
Here ' s a selection of what has changed since Mr Obama gave his first address to Congress in 2009 .                                                       
Another worry is that the driver appears to have moved out of his seat , meaning a quick exit should anything go wrong is less - than likely .                                       
This is a city hidden from official statistics , but not hidden from employers who take on the workers , no questions asked , through agencies .                                           
An influential joint committee of MPs is set to investigate claims that British - made weapons may have been used for strikes against civilian targets .                                             
We ' re all children of this earth , and we need to work together so that everyone has a chance at having a decent life .                                           
It was the third consecutive quarter that Amazon has reported a profit and the first time it has done so since 2012 .                                                   
This unprecedented success of 11 . 13 million passengers through our doors highlights the draw of Edinburgh as a destination and the growing appeal that Scotland holds across the globe .                                   
However , total sales were down 1 . 2 %, which Mr Thomas said suggested that customers were buying fewer items .                                                     
You can drink or eat whatever you want and spend the night at someone ' s apartment , take class seriously or not seriously , get away with whatever you want to get away with .                         
When he finally does return to the U . S ., authorities say , the 18 - year - old may get off easy again .                                             
In Indonesia , it is not an offense to support the Islamic State group nor to travel abroad for military training - both which are banned in Malaysia .                                       
However , he did have some good moments when building up Arsenal ' s attacks , but saw his teammates make little use of his hard work .                                         
' I said from now on I was going to start being a woman but that wouldn ' t change how much I loved them .                                             
On February 20th you will begin the process of choosing a president who has what it takes to stand up to the Republicans , to make a real difference for American families .                               
Why would you suddenly think -- just because you couldn ' t remember what you had done that night that you might be involved in a murder ?                                         
I ' d have preferred to stay in the village , but since that would involve meetings with guard dogs that take their duties seriously , I decided against it .                                   
A landmark legal case has resulted in child refugees arriving in Britain as France is pushing for a ' significant ' amount more to cross the Channel .                                         
The global total so far for the latest " Star Wars " film stands at more than $ 1 . 53 billion .                                                   
But it ' s no sure thing this will happen soon in Italy , a country with deep Catholic roots .                                                       
They have time to build for the Commonwealth Games and the next World Cup in 2018 and 2019 respectively , but with interest in the sport growing the spotlight in which to perform has rarely been bigger .                     
Her policy platform - the one which she was done a political deal to protect - is , after all , eight years old .                                               
But he said the animal was promised to a family that had some big event coming up and he would call them .                                                   
The resulting controversy has , however , prompted a review of its anti - corruption procedures , a process that cricket did with its own review in 2014 .                                       
" I was the best thing that happened to Bernie ," Trump said of Sanders , whom Trump said he would love to face in the general election .                                       
And I understand that background checks aren ' t necessarily going to stop me from getting a gun , but I also know that they wouldn ' t have stopped any of the people here in this room from killing .               
Her endorsement Tuesday at a rally in Iowa came as Trump tried to shore up support with the party ' s most conservative voters .                                               
But they eventually did fall in love and by the following year she ' d given birth to their son George .                                                     
Yet studies suggest family migrants do have lower employment rates than the British average , though more than half work after their arrival .                                                 
Sometimes I sit here at night when my partner ' s in bed and I ' m just waiting for something to go wrong .                                               
We realised that if we didn ' t have our own children then we would have more time and energy for him and this didn ' t seem so bad .                                   
But there ' s also robust evidence that the U . S . has become dramatically less racist in recent years .                                                     
The new Department of Health limits replace the previous ones on drinking , which were set out 21 years ago .                                                       
Jamie said : ' The way I think about it , I couldn ' t be able to earn the money on YouTube I do without him .                                           
I could not rid myself of the image of a small David waiting in the corner of his kitchen for his mother to wake up .                                             
He said : " I ' ve read the social work report very carefully and I ' ve looked at the circumstances of the case .                                               
In addition , there are 9 , 000 volunteers performing a wide variety of different staff jobs in the police .                                                       
A 2015 report found a child in residential care was sexually assaulted every day on average , and the Children ' s Commissioner called for half the 500 children in care to be taken out .                         
He ' s doing amazing and I ' m so proud of the strength that he has to fight this battle .                                                     
Police have not confirmed a report that the man in custody following the shooting had been arrested earlier on Tuesday for alleged break - and - enter offences , before he was released on bail .                         
There is nothing wrong with someone being privately educated and there were people at the school when I was there that were well - off so it just felt like a strange choice .                             
Even so , if a Democrat is elected in November , and the party takes back the Senate as well , it still won ' t be so easy to put a liberal on the court .                       
" It shows the market is kicking off quite strongly off the back of a strong finish last year ," he said .                                                   
It comes after some Tory MPs told Chancellor George Osborne they felt the people of Wales should have their say .                                                       
But he vowed to be around Brooklyn more for the time being to lead the search for new leadership , adding he will personally meet all candidates .                                         
In one way or another , he says , he has spent most of his 53 years being an animal , or at least trying to .                                           
All my friends seem to be in relationships , too , which leads me to think that maybe I ' m looking for love in the wrong places .                                       
The supply to the 2 . 1 million people of Aleppo had been cut 40 times last summer , mostly deliberately , and the practice had just started again , he said .                               
Water was provided until the summer , he said , and then returned in October after a public health emergency was declared .                                                   
But the only way to ensure the love and commitment in same - sex relationships is equally recognised and respected is marriage equality at a national level .                                         
From showing the first signs of recovery in late 2014 , the Greek economy is expected to contract again this year .                                                     
And exercise isn ' t just good for your body - it can help keep your brain healthy , too .                                                       
The bottom line : Just because the snow ' s stopped falling doesn ' t mean it ' s back to business as usual .                                               
While fees are often proposed in order to help raise money , they can result in higher costs for the health system .                                                   
People like Cruz are all around us , of course -- at work , in our communities , coaching our children ' s sports teams , running our schools .                                     
On Wednesday , United said it expects him back by the end of the first quarter , March 31 , or early in the second quarter .                                           
There ' s got to be a number -- 40 , 45 , 50 -- where you probably have to change your strategy .                                                 
After being taken into custody , Dr Hamilton says he saw documents showing that the decision to remove him was taken on 9 December last year , but he had not been told .                             
He had been out with some people he had just met , which is common for Richard as he is very friendly .                                                   
He said the review panel would have an open - ended deadline and budget and that its findings would be made public .                                                   
She ' s only one person among millions , but we must remember that it is the biggest day of her life .                                                   
A 21 - year - old man and a 17 - year - old man were stabbed during the fight and taken to the Royal Brisbane and Women ' s Hospital with non - life threatening injuries .                     
Islamic State militants launched attacks near oil facilities in northern Libya on Monday but were pushed back , an army official has said .                                                 
Some would even think $ 10 an hour is a decent amount because the cost of living and studying in Australia is high ," she said .                                           
Emergency medical facilities to treat the injured will be set up because hospitals on the coast will probably be too damaged to use .                                                 
The news comes after Syria ' s main opposition body agreed to travel to Geneva , where peace talks following a phone call from the U . S . Secretary of State .                               
The state and federal government need to impose strict testing , monitoring and safety measures on underground gas storage facilities .                                                       
But I don ' t think that ' s a winning pitch to the rest of America who activists have to win over .                                                 
" He spoke with the coach before training , got through the session and was focused on going to Adelaide ," a source said .                                               
And to all of you in this room and who are watching , please , please remember that we have the power to create the world that we want to live in , just as we want it .                   
You can be anything you want to be ; I ' m from the same neighborhood y ' all are from -- I grew up just like this .                                       
" It is very painful to go through this tragedy , but in other ways . we are so proud of this picture [ which ] saved thousands of refugees ," she says .                             
I try to really enjoy every moment , what ' s happened right now , taking all the experience with me .                                                     
In 2011 , I wrote that Assad personally was popular , and so he remained until his 30 March speech to the ill - named People ' s Assembly .                                     
I encourage people ' s opinion , that is part of the business , if I was only concerned with people opinion I wouldn ' t be in the media game .                                 
" If politics in the EU turned for the worse , the UK may be seen as a safe haven from those risks ," it said .                                           
However , the first time she found herself on stage her mother had said she " saw the change that was taking place in me .                                             
But her attempt to focus on her sport only goes so far when she must also cope without family , work , money , and a home of her own .                                   
But he said he would not be attending a veterans event being held later that night by Donald Trump , who is not attending the prime - time debate .                                     
There ' s nothing that good will and proper dialogue can ' t fix , even with Trump , is there ?                                                     
At the same time he ' s had more impact on more players in Australia than any other coach in the last 20 years .                                               
He added : " The idea that the PM really thinks this is the key , that this will make a difference to Europe being good or bad for Britain - everyone knows that is not true .                       
I knew we wanted to do something that gave people better access to lawyers and gave them that access online , 24 hours a day seven days a week .                                     
You don ' t quite know what level of reality they are operating on , but they get drawn in .                                                       
And then my mom passed away when I was in fourth grade , and school took on a different role in my life .                                                 
On the first proper working day of this January ' s transfer window , it ' s nice to see a familiar face .                                                 
And if Trump wins the nomination , he says , there ' s no ruling out one horse in a two horse race , though he believes a Trump victory to be unlikely .                             
Fed officials also noted that since their November meeting , economic data showed that consumer spending , business investment and exports grew more strongly at the end of 2010 than had been expected .                             
And almost as soon as we set foot in the door , he was offering to drive us down to the local pub for dinner that evening .                                         
Police Scotland said no - one was injured in Sunday ' s incident and that there had been no threat to the wider public .                                               
The next thing I recall was a male stopping his car next to my vehicle and he ran off in the direction of the station .                                             
I didn ' t really understand the mistakes you can make with mystery , and I think that ' s what saved me .                                                 
" When I start I ' m never sure if I ' ve got anything new to say about him ," he says .                                                 
It was at the top end of the couple ' s budget , and very different from the other properties they ' d seen .                                               
If you had told me when I turned 18 that I was going to be the mom of 50 kids , I would have told you that you were totally crazy .                                 
I think it has produced an audience that is better informed about the natural world than ever in history ," he said .                                                   
Mr Hammond said an estimated 800 UK citizens had entered Syria in the past four years , with around half thought to still be in the country .                                         
But let ' s do what ' s right for community , and if we can make that happen then everybody should be good .                                               
We had to do a great job for 48 minutes and obviously in the third quarter they opened it up .                                                       
" There are many [ supporters of independence ], true , there are many more than there used to be , more than there were 20 years ago ," he said .                                 
But yesterday he said : ' If there ' s a good deal on the table , I will take it .                                                       
The people around him are either scared or just yes men - and yes women , there are a lot of women .                                                   
" One would think , with such a large case , that they would have a higher standard of care in how they conducted themselves ," he said .                                       
But Paul said he has concerns about both the billionaire businessman and Cruz , attacking both of them on foreign policy .                                                     
I loved it and had a really good week , ending with scoring the hat - trick so it couldn ' t really have gone any better .                                         
England , Ireland and France are each missing plenty of players preparing for this year ' s Olympics in Rio .                                                       
And we know there are many couples who have been married even longer - the longest marriage we ' ve heard of in Australia is 82 years .                                         
The strike on a British - funded facility came as a number of rebel movements were invited to join peace talks in Geneva on Friday .                                             
It wasn ' t until the next day , when he picked up a new phone , that he saw the messages .                                                   
The poll also suggests voters have largely made up their minds : 56 percent of New Hampshire GOP primary voters said they ' re certain they ' ll back their preferred candidate , up from 44 percent who said so in mid - November .       
We ' d think up ideas on a Friday , then the company - my family - would act them out over the weekend .                                               
However , last week the ' Friday night deal ', which took over an hour to negotiate , appeared to do the trick .                                                 
The women in the study , however , were up to 50 percent less likely to develop diabetes later on if they breast - fed their child .                                         
It ' s the idea that one man would say , " I know what ' s best for everyone else " and by executive action - make a new law ," she said .                             
They ' ve stopped using this technique now but they used to chain your legs and tie you up on the roof with your head facing down .                                         
And every gun in America -- so if somebody who ' s buying 200 guns , selling them on the streets , if they can ' t transfer those titles , then they ' re going to be held responsible for the guns that they sell .   
These actions domestic abuse and usually require professional support for each partner to recognise that what is happening isn ' t OK .                                                   
But I have finally realised if I save those crazy high notes , and just use them here and there , they have more value .                                             
There ' s a saying about being in the right place at the right time and this was certainly the case for this man in northern China .                                         
Before , when you would sort of see him play you would be , ' OK , he has a hot streak for a period of time and you see how it ' s going to carry him through a 12 - month season .         
Not only was she shocked by his interest in such a matter , but it took up all of his time and money - at the time , they hardly had enough money to eat properly .                       
Two further strikes are planned over the coming weeks including the first - ever strike in which junior doctors will stop providing all care - including emergency procedures - which is due to take place on 10 February .                   
As in the U . S ., consumers in the newly added countries who pay a monthly fee will be able to watch Netflix original series as well a library of movies and TV shows .                         
England would be best advised to soldier on without him for at least their opening two games against Scotland and Italy and just let him play for Leicester .                                       
The guidance , issued by the UK ' s chief medical officers , marks the first full review of alcohol guidelines since 1995 .                                                 
In 2012 , the organisation became the first in Northern Ireland to receive a Big Society Award from the Prime Minister David Cameron .                                                 
" In football it is always like that - that when results are not good the first one to [ leave ] is the manager , but it ' s not only the manager - the players have to take responsibility as well ," he said .   
This is where things begin to sound like the stuff of science fiction ; but it is not as far from reality as you would think .                                           
This means that , sometimes years later , more can be done with existing DNA evidence than could be done at the time of trial .                                             
About six months after she passed , we got to thinking she couldn ' t have been the only one .                                                       
Even if Mr Cameron is successful , EU judges - not British politicians - would be in control of our borders .                                                     
But of course , if we can ' t achieve the things we have set out , I ' ve always said I rule nothing out , because it ' s important we solve this issue .                       
The popular belief in Japan was that the real number ran into hundreds , not the 13 admitted by Pyongyang , and that the eight said to be dead were probably still being held .                           
Trump wrote in a tweet : ' The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is , by far , me .                                                   
" We ' ve got to be smart , and we ' ve got to run an election about the real issues and what we can get done ," she said .                                 
Sarah was her only friend who wasn ' t into drugs or alcohol and frequently took care of her like family when her real family was thousands of miles away .                                   
But it ' s the deal they have now - and it ' s one a lot of NFL teams would take .                                                   
In the 2012 tax year , the company reported a $ 40 million tax bill , but had earned almost $ 6 billion revenue .                                               
She is the youngest player ever named to an Olympic qualifying roster for the U . S ., and she is one of eight players on the team with fewer than nine appearances for the national team .                     
Sometimes they will message the man ' s partner to let them know what sort of behaviour the men are engaging in .                                                   
When we play , it will be for the youth of the world so they can be inspired to create both a better life for themselves and a better future .                                   
The mother of a man who was stabbed to death in a car park has backed a campaign for a national memorial for victims of knife crime .                                         
We ' re enjoying our time , we spent it with family at Christmas , we ' re going to enjoy the Australian Open and we ' re going to leave in February but we ' ll be back ," Mark says .           
You might lose your job if you do it , and the more you are paid , the bigger that loss would be .                                                 
As he ' s risen in the polls , Sanders has done little so far to show any major changes in tone or message .                                               
The first day of industrial action on Wednesday , January 13 is likely to see junior doctors providing patients with only emergency care .                                                 
Ms Sturgeon said : " It is vital that the health service is properly equipped to give those who need support and treatment access to mental health services as early as possible .                                 
Once he fired rounds at those victims , that became the priority for those officers and they had to make a decision , he said .                                             
And right now we don ' t need too much -- there ' s a lot of energy ," he said .                                                     
Our interest is primarily around an education , academic , research point of view , but all of those things have to be deeply connected to the social and cultural .                                   
Some studies have suggested low - level drinking could protect men from heart disease but the guidance says this is no longer the case .                                               
The unemployment rate held steady at a seven and a half year low of 5 . 0 percent for a third straight month .                                                 
It feels as if we currently know what every Labour MP thinks about everything - I know more about what each Labour MP thinks than I learn about next door ' s cat in an hour ' s phone call with my mother .         
On Monday , Israeli troops shot and wounded a 17 - year - old Palestinian who had stabbed and wounded a pregnant Israeli woman in a settlement .                                         
I discovered quite quickly that if you have something to say and know what it is you want to say , you can overcome language barriers .                                           
You just have to change things up for him , he likes the beach , all these things seem to be working .                                                   
I don ' t know what I ' ll do at the end of this season , but I ' d like to stay in the Premier League .                                       
" We ' re here for a couple days of meetings , let me get through all the meetings ," he said .                                                   
If someone needs genetic testing because of their family history ... then doctors need to consider whether tests need to be offered .                                                   
This man turned out to be Donald Trump , who though running as a Republican is campaigning as much against the party ' s own establishment as he is against the Democratic Party .                             
The Democratic presidential campaigns of Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have reached an agreement in principle to hold another presidential debate next week in New Hampshire and three more later this spring .                               
Vietnam as a whole has seen a dramatic reduction in poverty over the same period - but inequality is growing , and becoming increasingly marked in the country ' s expanding urban areas .                             
The driver and the guard were the only people on the train at the time of the incident in the early hours of the morning on March 12 .                                       
As long as we all buy into our roles and do the right thing we have a chance to do something .                                                     
" There ' s not a lot of variety , you ' re going to get tired of it ," he said .                                                   
Thomson doesn ' t think it will be possible to build homes at double the highest - ever previous rate .                                                       
He came in after she was murdered and he became like our guide about how to handle this -- this tragedy .                                                     
So I thought we could do something positive and send a message to society that if people are gay , it ' s not their choice - it ' s how God has made them .                         
Those chosen for him to speak to were the Democrats ' Hillary Clinton , and on the Republican side , Marco Rubio .                                                   
The feelings you have are all about what we ' ve done , what we ' re trying to achieve for the team .                                                 
I am proud they could do it under this pressure and now the situation is different for us and I have a good hope this can be a starting point for better things .                             
There is no way I could find a nine to five job in the hospital at this point in my career .                                                     
She said : ' I think I saw her once with her boyfriend in the flat , and they went into the back room .                                                 
29 , 2014 , however , there is very little evidence that the two were a real married couple , according to friends , public records , and a review of social media accounts .                           
Some of the airport is closed for maintenance work at night so we are also in communication with those working on the ground .                                                 
But even after Paul realised he had been a victim , he said there was little help available to him .                                                       
The Trump campaign did not respond to a request for comment on whether he would accept Cruz ' s challenge .                                                       
Uber , with a third of the market for private - car service , this week announced plans to expand to cover 55 Chinese cities .                                             
25 in an effort to find a resolution for the conflict that has killed more than 250 , 000 people and displaced half the country ' s population .                                       
We will take all necessary measures including additional sanctions by the U . N Security Council so that the North will pay the price for the nuclear test .                                       
Of course , it ' s possible that your husband has simply moved on to a phase of his life where sex is no longer of much interest .                                       
Just three of the major firms have cut gas prices since April - and by no more than 5 . 1 per cent .                                                 
David Palmer - Jones " You ' ve got to aim high - reach for the stars little bit and I think I agree with them that it IS a push - But progress comes from a push .                   
The news out of New Hampshire , which holds its primary eight days later , was even better - he has led Clinton in six of the seven polls that had been taken this year .                         
The most visible opposition to the deal was seen in Berlin last October , when 150 , 000 people demonstrated against it .                                                   
More than 90 per cent failed to make the grade for the university ' s engineering course and were still admitted .                                                     
Because , far from where we were 14 months ago , we ' re both very different and I think improved players from then .                                               
After talk of changes by Carson over the Christmas holidays , which was then walked back , Carson ' s top campaign staff including his campaign manager and spokesman left the team .                               
He moved to the U . S . as a 7 - year - old , and became a legal resident through his parents .                                               
It will also be available on the BBC ' s YouTube page and is due to be broadcast on BBC TV at a future date .                                             
A Bristol - based firm is developing a range of products with controls you cannot see , but can still feel .                                                     
It ' s like something you expect to hear in a movie or somewhere else , not in your own town and your home to your own father .                                       
I guess it took scoring three goals in a World Cup final for people to start to know my name .                                                       
The reality television star had gone on to say that she would eventually " get rid " of the Department of Energy in the long run .                                           
He ' s shown me and the team that he ' s got something to offer us , so credit to him .                                                   
His next reaction was feeling that he has been hit in the eye and feeling a long object in front of his left eye , he had to pull it out .                                 
She will be paid $ 130 , 000 a year in the role - a salary determined by the Public Service Commission .                                                   
A US defence official said it was still on the ground and the military was working to recover it , but gave no further details .                                             
There has been criticism in some quarters of City ' s approach to its first season in the W - League .                                                     
It ' s been almost 10 minutes since Cruz told reporters he hoped they would have a day off to rest .                                                     
But , at the end of the day what it is that you really want to do is bring answers back , bring -- help bring closure to the families .                                   
Now , horror stories are sweeping the internet as some users report having to pay as much as 10 times normal rates without what they perceived as fair warning .                                     
Around 1 , 500 will be sold in Japan , with 1 , 500 going to the US and the remaining 2 , 000 sold in 10 key cities across Europe , including London .                           
" I like to think they then go and do something kind , the feeling you get from giving is just as good as receiving ," she says .                                       
And more than nine out of 10 of the species caught two years ago were too young to have produced .                                                       
The Catholic church , which still has considerable influence over Italian politics , has stood firm in its opposition to same - sex relationships .                                               
Yes , I do have a disease which often leads to death , but my first role in this project is not that of a patient .                                           
So we ' d want to be very careful , but I think the cast would be open to doing something at some point .                                               
The passengers are not thought to be facing criminal proceedings as in the end they didn ' t take their claims to court .                                                 
" There ' s always a few that go missing and turn up later on , but this one was quite a bit later on ," he said .                                       
If we cannot do the right thing , at least we should provide safety and a decent education for them in the detention camp .                                               
Some 17 % of listed companies issued warnings over the course of 2015 - the highest percentage since 2008 , the report said .                                                 
I want our schools to be ' great ' and , as these studies show , there is currently room for substantial improvement .                                                 
At 30 years old , an age when most running backs are considered well past their prime , Jackson was content to enter post - football life .                                         
But if he does [ host ], I hope he takes it as an opportunity to make a statement , a social statement about change .                                             
They know it ' s important in the fight for justice ... They really value that and think it ' s good support for them .                                             
It ' s just solid golf , and I think you ' re going to see a lot of that like he did last year .                                             
" Our boys have been bad for a couple of weeks , but they haven ' t been bad for the weeks prior to that , or last year ," he said .                               
You need to be absolutely totally clear about which customers you are going to deal with , and which customers can essentially pay you for the services you provide .                                     
Adelaide is going to see that change in the middle of the day and it will take pretty much the rest of the afternoon to reach through to the eastern parts of the state .                           
However , Erdogan ' s office said the president had cited the era as a negative example to explain that bad rule can emerge in all political systems .                                       
The full panel could rule on whether the companies can operate amid the appeals process in as few as two weeks , during the middle of the NFL football playoffs .                                   
" There is no question that is what they are doing and almost certainly in breach of international humanitarian law , and it has to stop ," he said .                                     
" The good news is that people are more aware of email threats but that ' s five to seven years ago ," he said .                                             
Work continues on getting the remaining 11 projects to reach financial close as soon as possible , so construction can also begin .                                                   
The first time I was in the office kitchen and he came in and asked me to drop Graham and go out with him .                                               
Murray ' s wife , Kim , is due to give birth to their next child next month , and the two - time major winner said he ' d miss a match in any round to be there if she goes into labor .       
" Standard operating procedures remain in place before , during and after any potential threats , including severe weather events ," he said .                                                 
" It ' s not under control yet but we are very optimistic about the next 24 hours as well ," Western Australia ' s Emergency Services Minister Joe Francis said .                                 
The letter was sent within a week of the Paris terror attack and published online on the day a strike by junior doctors was announced , which was later cancelled while further talks took place .                         
The school also alleged that the paper " ignored " offers of a meeting " to get the full facts " before publication .                                                 
They concluded that 21 had been shot , although other sources have said the total number of animals killed in this way is significantly higher .                                             
They were put on wait lists for months , even years , just to receive basic procedures , and their injuries got worse .                                                 
He is second on the team in penalty minutes with 30 and has two goals and 19 points this season .                                                       
I ' m sure if it turns around and he gets his chance , he can do the job for us in attack .                                                 
The group added that they feared they would only be able to move some 200 of the people living in the area which will be destroyed come Thursday .                                       
The row has also triggered a wider row about free speech in universities and whether students need to be protected from offence .                                                   
I can ' t help thinking this an unlikely analysis of how a 46 - year - old billionaire and global power player operates .                                               
But even then when nobody knew my name , I had an idea to build a brand ," he said .                                                       
She said : " It is important for anyone , who has a case with us , to be able state their look upon it and then of course we listen ... This is a union built on the rule of law .             
While 67 percent support her , that ' s down from 78 percent two weeks ago and 84 percent in December .                                                     
A new cross - party group that will campaign for the UK to leave the European Union is being launched .                                                       
About 500 staff members attended the four - day conference in Colorado , which CBS News reported cost about $ 3 million .                                                   
He wouldn ' t go into the content of the letters , or say who wrote to whom , or how investigators learned of the letters .                                           
We got closer and we were prepared to die out in the middle for each other if it came to that .                                                     
But as well as a 5 % cut for next financial year , Welsh national parks have been warned they could face another similar cut the following year .                                       
I knew everybody ' s licence plate so I could look out the parking lot and see , you know , when people come in .                                             
" For now I will focus on doing everything I can to recover and get back on the court as quickly as possible ," he said via social media on Christmas Eve .                               
But all the work we ' ve done together has always been in a process with a view to getting to No 1 .                                                 
To date , the property , which was used as a hospital during the war , was most recently a 33 - bedroom hotel .                                               
It ' s likely we ' ll continue to see an impact on the ground , particularly on the road network , but we don ' t expect to see new additional flooding .                             
Nearly three quarters of non - elderly adults with health coverage say they believe their insurance is worth the amount it costs , and more than 6 in 10 say their health plan is either an " excellent " or " good " value .       
Last year , according to prosecutors , they were apparently at it again , starting with a failed robbery on June 6 .                                                   
The inquiry ran for five months last year , and included secret sessions at which British intelligence agents gave evidence .                                                       
Speaking of her hopes of recovery she said : ' It ' s early days but they ' ve found there ' s no problem with my sleep pattern .                                       
And he said something quite interesting : ' I spent 10 years on the street doing theatre and comedy , learning how to stop an audience walking away from me .                                     
Following the January attacks , the government announced it planned to give police better equipment and hire more intelligence agents .                                                       
Where any school is subject to such a threat , real or otherwise , there are clear emergency arrangements in place that have been agreed with police and the local authority .                                 
She said she urged the president to push for more training of local law enforcement on how to deal with people who have mental health issues .                                           
He was a lot more aggressive on the pitch , but I think he has developed since then and is a good fit for the Premier League .                                         
But what I also said at the time was when I had enough information to make a decision I was comfortable with , I ' d make a decision .                                     
But Trump insisted on continuing with his own competing event , where he said more than $ 5 million had already been raised for his personal foundation , all of which will benefit veterans groups .                         
It could very well be the case that we find a way out of the Brexit issue and Britain remains in the European Union , while at the same time finding ourselves without a European Union .                       
More than 130 companies in the S & P 500 are scheduled to report their fourth - quarter results this week .                                                     
We are absolutely delighted we have got two players like them and when Dylan came on he was excellent as well .                                                     
He was convicted of 23 sex offences in October last year , having abused six boys from 2006 until 2014 .                                                       
For all his considerable talent , coaches have struggled to figure out how to best use him on the power play .                                                     
It was one reason so many of us , especially those living in New York , could end up thinking he ' d always be around .                                           
I ' m grateful to Australia for giving me these opportunities and I ' d like to make sure Australia gets something in return .                                               
A simple test of muscle strength is to see whether you can rise from a chair without using your hands .                                                       
' We cannot say more out of respect for the girl and her family and the privacy of all ,' said a spokesman .                                                 
At the time , she says what moved her most about the First Lady was less her politics and more her passion .                                                   
I think he ' ll be looking to take a bit of a rest season , probably until the end of this season and maybe look at something next pre - season .                               
On the way to his special event , Trump invited journalists from Fox ' s cable news rival CNN onto his private plane for an interview .                                           
It ' s like being stopped on the streets of Rome and asked whether you ' ve seen any history .                                                       
" If Obama had been a really good president , we wouldn ' t have this uncertainty ," he said .                                                       
However , in the first week of January 2016 , the NHS has experienced a significant surge in demand for urgent and emergency care service above and beyond that experienced in the same period of 2015 .                       
He was carrying a fake explosive device , and an image of the ISIS flag was found on his body , said a statement from the Paris prosecutor ' s office .                                 
Now I get up at 8 or 9 in the morning - it ' s a whole different kind of life , but it ' s a life I prefer .                                   
There remains a substantial gap between demand and supply with the latest figures showing a further decline in the number of properties available for sale .                                             
Bryant , also 37 , is scoring 15 . 8 point a night while shooting a career - worst 34 . 7 % from the field .                                           
" This level has been significant for the last several months and continues to play a role ," he said .                                                       
These include posts at its new London head office , which is under construction , and at three research and development centres , in Cambridge , Edinburgh and London , as well as at a customer service centre in Edinburgh .               
There are three main types of insurance that families can buy to provide financial support in case serious illness , injury or death strikes .                                               
" There is a government hospital in my village , but they don ' t offer any eye treatment ," he said .                                                   
And we had chances to go in front in the All - Ireland semi - final against Kerry and if we had done that , you never know what would have happened .                               
There ' s a lot of pride there , you don ' t want to lose , and we ' re not giving up yet .                                             
French authorities have confirmed that he wore an explosive belt found on a Paris street 10 days after the November terror attacks , a source close to the investigation told CNN in December .                             
" The vast majority of people who live in the area haven ' t had a university education ," he added .                                                     
At that time , the white minority government spent four times more on a white child ' s education than it did on a black child .                                           
A 24 - year - old woman had just dropped her husband off at work , and was driving with her two - year - old in the car when the crash occurred .                             
She and her partner decided to offer the child ' s parents money to try to get them not to report the boy ' s death .                                           
Their research could yield valuable information to help figure out how rapidly sea levels will rise in the 21st century .                                                       
Mr Hammond said : ' Our first challenge is to get the right deal and we are making good progress on that .                                                     
" I don ' t think that I have ever mentioned it ," the 64 - year - old responded when asked if has offered his resignation .                                         
He was able to participate in the team ' s light practice on Monday ; Bryant and Russell sat out .                                                       
However , the Wales boss played down the prospect , saying : " I haven ' t had any conversations with anyone about that .                                                 
At A - level , unlike in previous school years , teachers don ' t usually chase you up on work you haven ' t done and lessons you ' ve missed .                               
Kerry also wants to secure Saudi support for Syria peace talks between regime officials and members of the Syrian opposition .                                                       
He came to visit me for a couple of weeks and we decided to give it a go , so I moved over to Spain in 2009 .                                         
Wales are the same and it allowed them to overcome a series of injuries before and during the World Cup to be within five minutes of the semi - finals .                                   
The crew were right to call us when they got into trouble - we respond to all calls from those in difficulty .                                                   
A survey of the trees carried out in 2014 showed some were in much better health than others , and that they were vulnerable in severe weather .                                         
This £ 6 million is being made available immediately by the Government and is part of a wider package of support designed to get people , communities and businesses back on their feet .                             
After turning up again about 30 hours later , " Lisa ," whose name has not been released to protect her privacy , said " Middle Eastern " or " North African " men had sexually assaulted her .                     
Mrs Clinton ' s use of a personal email as secretary of state has become an issue in her presidential campaign .                                                     
" Once we realised that the star and planet were a similar distance from the Earth - about 100 light years - we compared the motion of the two through space and realised they were moving together ," he explained .               
It is highly likely that David Cameron ' s British referendum on membership of the European Union will take place at some point in 2016 .                                             
It has taken me years of hard work to reach the secure position I am in currently , and I often wonder how it would have been different in the world of performing arts .                           
In a news conference Tuesday , victims of the alleged abuse and their lawyers called for an independent investigation of the abuse and criticized the school ' s response to the allegations .                               
' Our team delivered Apple ' s biggest quarter ever , thanks to the world ' s most innovative products and all - time record sales of iPhone , Apple Watch and Apple TV ,' said Tim Cook , Apple ' s CEO .         
" That is not what I want and that is not what the country wants and that is no what President Obama called for ," Clinton said .                                         
He has put out a cheaper version that is nearly half the cost of the original but he said there is only so far he can go .                                         
The moderate opposition remains firm in its struggle to combat the Syrian regime , as well as the growing threat from terrorism in Syria .                                               
That ' s the theory , at least ; we ' ll just have to see how it works in practice .                                                     
There are legitimate questions to be asked about whether the government is properly and effectively using public funds for party political ends ," the official said .                                           
The peace efforts come as Mr Assad ' s forces , backed by Russian air power , are making progress against Islamic State militants as well as the rebel forces supported by Turkey , Saudi Arabia and other Gulf nations .               
So it was right that government set up this group and brought the football authorities and supporters together to see what more can be done for clubs to engage with fans .                                 
Not only can more people learn about and fall in love with art , but the web makes it really easy for someone in China to buy a work in Paris or someone in New York to discover a young artist in Brazil .         
A travel ban was in effect on all roads in New York City and Long Island on Saturday , but it ' s expected to be lifted at 7 a . m .                               
The overall number of households where no one was in work fell to the lowest on record in 2015 - almost 700 , 000 fewer than in 2010 .                                       
He occasionally went beyond his brief and took policy decisions himself , or presented his own views as though they came from British ministers .                                               
The president is saying that across the board he ' s going to be a single issue voter on this .                                                       
But the state also made both Bill and Hillary Clinton comeback kids in 1992 and 2008 , and the former first couple maintain a deep political network there .                                       
But in the 1980s and 1990s , those plants began to close their doors , and when the jobs left , so did many of the people .                                         
As far as I ' m concerned , it ' s probably doing my work good in that maybe some people are going to get fit that I won ' t see .                               
I sold my business , and I find it hard to believe that anyone in my shoes wouldn ' t have done it too .                                               
In a meeting of two much - changed sides , the teams took to the field missing nine players each on Six Nations duty .                                               
Our economy , look at the stock market today and the worst opening in its history we ' ve gone down so much .                                                 
I work out what is best for the individuals in front of me and explain it to them as best I can .                                                   
I don ' t think it ' s a great environment for our club to be involved in annual elections given the recent history while we ' re trying to sort the direction of the club out .                     
This might be because the times in my life when I drew the most confidence from what I looked like were times when I wasn ' t really confident at all .                                 
But if you wait a few weeks you ' ll be able to pick it up for £ 1 in your local charity shop .                                               
As she doesn ' t use the internet , I ' ve written her a letter explaining what we ' re doing .                                                   
With the country on high alert in the wake of the Paris attacks in November which left 130 dead , soldiers will be out in force protecting official buildings and religious sites for the anniversary .                         
What I would say is that we are increasingly seeing the same weapons being used time and time again , year after year .                                                 
And here I am , wearing a T - shirt and you can ' t even tell there ' s something wrong with me .                                               
We ' ll see ; people ask if this is the peak in iPhone sales , and I say no .                                                       
There are still U . S . military personnel on scene there to secure the damaged helicopter , but they are not trapped or surrounded , the official said .                                     
" It was just between me and Sean , for a couple of weeks as he wrote his draft ," he said .                                                   
THE verdict from Apple Watch users is clear : people want their next Apple Watch to have an even greater focus on fitness .                                                 
BBC staff need to remember that the licence fee places a significant burden on families and they should plan trips better in order to cut out such waste .                                       
It potentially can have an affect with not as many people at the ground , or watching at home and listening because there ' s no play .                                         
Jason also admitted that while he ' s no fan of the PM , he thought very highly of his wife .                                                     
But if he were to be on the wrong side of the vote he would come under intense pressure to stand down .                                                   
" He ' s certainly capable of understanding now what ' s going on , and I ' d feel better if he was there ," Anderson said .                                       
18 and 19 , after Sunday ' s Democratic debate , with a 4 . 1 percentage point margin of error .                                                     
He eventually earned three college degrees , including a master ' s in fine arts in creative writing from the University of Baltimore .                                                 
28 broadcast , according to two people close to the award show who asked not to be identified discussing internal matters .                                                     
A spokesman said the 15 - year - old was being held in a police cell last night and would go to court as an adult suspect .                                         
Now it ' s much easier , but when I first started you had all these old - school types who had been in the cycling business for 20 years .                                   
Like in normal life , if it is not easy for you to be happy then no one can help you .                                                     
There will be an empty chair in the box near First Lady Michelle Obama , representing victims of gun violence the president will highlight during his speech .                                         
Clinton speaks at George Washington University on September 10 , 1993 , in Washington during her husband ' s first term .                                                     
When both cell networks hit three bars of coverage , people start to see them as equivalent , and base their spending decisions on other factors , such as brand values and customer experience .                           
Your letter is full of the things you ' ve done to keep your relationship with your daughter going - the air - miles , the emotional and financial cost .                                   
He said : ' Labour is now committed to a publicly owned railway as the best way to secure a fair deal for rail passengers and taxpayers , and long term investment for a modern railway system .                       
Two people , including the suspected leader , have been arrested , and a judge on Thursday ordered both men held for another month .                                               
If you ask most people in the Labour party whether they ' d like to see changes , they almost all would .                                                   
The truth is , Ted , throughout this campaign , you ' ve been willing to say or do anything in order to get votes .                                             
It was recorded early in 2015 , after Bowie had been diagnosed with cancer , a condition he largely kept to himself and his family .                                             
They weren ' t quite sure where they were going yet , though you would end up joining relatives in the Netherlands .                                                   
When he was made chief executive of Channel 4 she later moved to that channel to become head of history , arts and religion before moving back to the BBC .                                   
The stores " want to be in front of Hollywood as well as the fashion business ... in today ' s social media world , where people worldwide can look at Instagram in two seconds and see fashion trends ," he said .           
On the other hand , who are we to question the prospects of a player the like of which women ' s tennis has never seen ?                                           
If you ' re going to be at a concert , sports game or other event that can be hard on your battery , it ' s a nice feature to have .                               
" We ' ve had quite a few new developments come on the market in the last five years in particular ," he said .                                               
There have been eight shootings in the north and south of Manchester since 22 December and police say six of those were " targeted " gang - related attacks .                                     
Sen . Bernie Sanders of Vermont raised more than $ 33 million during the last three months in his bid to win the Democratic presidential nomination , his campaign said Saturday .                                 
In industry news , Nigeria ' s oil minister said a " couple " of OPEC members had requested an emergency meeting , adding that current market conditions support the need to hold such a gathering .                       
It ' s not the first time that Chelsea have been caught up in a public incident during a Champions League trip .                                                   
" We need to fish without this threat and we hope diplomatic negotiations quickly bring us peace ," he says .                                                       
They hope to discover during the eight - day inquest why there was no police presence at the funeral , and whether one might have stopped Mr Khan from being killed .                                 
" Indeed , immigrants tend to generate further migration as their friends and relatives join them in their new countries ," he said .                                                 
If you want to solve problems , you can take the problem , talk about it , find solutions for it and in the end you can find yourself facing the same problem .                             
They want to know they ' re welcome , they ' re not being treated as a vast group of people but as individuals , and they want safety and security .                                 
So many months have gone past developing the baby , and in a few weeks it ' s going to be over .                                                   
On the streets of Paris this week , one resident said he did feel more secure in strategic places like stations .                                                     
Not many people would have given us much of a chance tonight but I think Liverpool were probably more grateful to reach penalties .                                                 
Americans living with chronic pain can get safe relief , but it is important to work with a healthcare professional to effectively manage chronic pain .                                             
It often has the opposite effect , especially when not enough attention is paid to the side ' s balance .                                                       
" There ' s a real shift , with people starting to demand high - quality products ," she says .                                                       
It plans to have 300 employees a year from now , 200 of them based in downtown L . A .                                                       
After being contacted by an external organisation , officers spoke to Simpson - Kent at the family home on 16 December .                                                     
It ' s my dream , I ' ve told many people I wish to play in the Premier League because I think it is the best championship of the world , the most competitive one , and I want to have this challenge in my career . 
Because of their trauma , their quality of life is very poor , and some of their children live abroad because they can ' t stand to live alongside this trauma all their lives .                           
The message is clear : for the good of our health , the government would rather we not drink at all .                                                     
The 34 - year - old was born in the UK , spent her early childhood in Pakistan and returned to England when she was a teenager .                                         
In December the Fed raised rates for the first time in nine years , but interest rates are still very low .                                                     
He said he had joined the site four years before meeting the 13 - year - old and used it almost every day , meeting women twice a month in the ' hope ' of having sex .                     
They want Vietnam to make the right choice ; the wrong choice being for them a more pro - West and anti - China leader .                                             
But it did not indicate that the problems were serious enough to affect the outcome of the October vote or force further delay of the planned Jan .                                         
Right now , when we ' re out there on the ice , we ' re feeling pretty good , pretty confident and using each other in the right way .                                   
This article originally stated that Saudi Arabia was one of only three countries to maintain the death penalty for people who allegedly committed crimes as children .                                           
We ' re full of players who we ' ve got from here , there and everywhere who have been told they haven ' t got a career .                                       
" I had to make peace with my past , because I can ' t change it ," she told People magazine at the time .                                             
I always talk to the owners or the CEO before I join a club and I always have faith in people but to be encouraged to continue gives more pressure because now the fans have belief in me .                   
Andy was just too good at the time , and I think Bernie has to take some chances and step up and executive his plan and serve well and play big .                                 
At the same time , a similar base of anti - Trump Republicans say he ' s the one GOP presidential hopeful they would never vote for under any circumstances .                                   
Germany has long been seen as among the most friendly , having committed to accepting 800 , 000 migrants in 2015 , far more than any other European country .                                     
In New Hampshire , Trump leads with 30 % support -- more than double any other candidate ' s backing .                                                       
The leak was initially believed to be minor and coming from the top of the head , but was probably about 500 feet underground .                                               
By its very nature this form of child abuse is often hidden and many young people who are affected don ' t realise they are a victim and will not ask for help .                             
The events of 13 November mean there is enormous interest in the film because it stopped being fiction and became fact .                                                     
He would come in at around half past seven in the morning , and then he would take me out in the court yard he built .                                           
No matter what life has thrown at you , no matter what you have done throughout your life , there ' s always a chance to get it right .                                     
I was hitting the ball so well on the front nine and just definitely had a couple loose ones coming in making the turn .                                               
Her husband ' s only concern was that some tourists treated the road like a " theme park ," lying on the road or letting children walking up the centre , he said .                             
" The ACT Greens have been led by women in the assembly for most of our history ," she said .                                                       
Not long after he gets back to T - Town , it will be time to start thinking about next season .                                                     
The veteran coach proved he is still one of the best in the business by taking the Broncos to the grand final in his first year back at the club , while Newcastle came last in his absence .                   
I ' d barely grown out of playing with them , so that made getting to know my product easy .                                                       
However , critics will claim Cameron has previously been happy to discuss his possible choice of schools for his children .                                                       
While it has been investigating hundreds of allegations , this is the first time it is thought there is evidence for successful prosecution .                                                 
That ' s what I enjoy most , working out how to get around each child to get them comfortable in the water .                                                 
In fact , it recently emerged that he had made no fewer than six private jet trips in as many weeks in 2014 .                                                 
When the weak last quarter ' s results are released , the reality will probably be 3 per cent or less .                                                     
Policy makers in the US and Europe , he said , are using the terrorist threat as an opportunity to expand law - enforcement powers , including mass surveillance .                                     
The researcher noted that pain relief options for women giving birth today are " not so different " from those presented to women in the early 20th century .                                       
" After The 40 - Year - Old Virgin , I ' m just like , what is it ?" he says .                                                   
Three of the four of North Korea ' s nuclear tests -- in 2009 , 2013 and now -- have taken place while Barack Obama has been the U . S . President .                             
From London to Los Angeles and beyond , David Bowie fans have been paying tribute following the news of his death .                                                     
He may have read for something else but I ' m a huge David Bowie fan , and I was lucky enough to know his son now , so just seeing him in person was pretty special to me .                 
In fact , it is fair to say Welsh students get the most generous deal of any part of the UK .                                                     
On Monday , it emerged the club had already paid a £ 6 , 000 - income tax debt before the petition was served .                                               
The couple are also open to the other one bringing a date home if they are interested in having sex with both of them .                                               
Under our current proposals the positions potentially at risk represent less than 10 % of our entire UK population and will be spread across our operating centres .                                         
I can ' t explain what it ' s like playing and scoring in front of 40 , 000 , 50 , 000 people .                                               
I don ' t want to put other people ' s children at risk but I have the right to protect my child .                                                 
He went on to recall how one of his students asked him if he supported gay marriage , and he said ' no ', ultimately letting her down .                                       
Speaking for the first time of his sudden death , she said : ' One minute he was there , and the next he was gone .                                             
While we understand he will be missed by many , the family ask that their privacy is respected at this time .                                                     
States of emergency were declared in North Carolina , Virginia , Maryland and Pennsylvania , where road crews were out in force Thursday .                                                 
U . S . Secretary of State John Kerry urged China , the North ' s only major ally and its biggest aid provider , to end " business as usual " with North Korea .                         
However , it ' s clear that opportunities are being missed and in some cases treatment is simply not being offered .                                                     
German factory orders posted a second consecutive month of solid growth in November , led by demand from inside the country .                                                     
My most powerful experience ever of seeing a painting by Turner , as it happens , came not in Britain but in Boston .                                                 
I feel like maybe we eat this a bit faster to get back to the TV as we ' re worn out from so much walking today .                                         
My mother - in - law then told me that she ' d had a brother , who died before she was born .                                                 
" I know that there are lot of young people who are very attracted by the senator ' s proposal for free college ," Clinton said Saturday .                                         
She ' s been playing really well towards the end of the year , and already this year she ' s been very consistent .                                               
He refused to take center stage , instead he hired a hall just five minutes away , held his own event to raise money for veterans .                                           
It ' s hard to describe , but I always felt the art was alive , taking care of me .                                                       
I had waited for days for the British police to turn up and talk to me since I clearly knew so much about him and his location .                                         
The states showing the worst trends have high rates of poverty as well as some of the highest rates of smoking and obesity in the country .                                           
' A lot of people think they can come over here and live the dream , and open up a bar and that ' s it .                                           
Carter said the U . S . is focusing first on trying to support the political process in Libya in hopes a government can be installed .                                           
But on my December 2015 bill I found they had started to take it again - although my line rental payment for the year does not run out until August 2016 .                                 
It ' s not about money for me , I think I passed most of my part of the company off to the kids years ago .                                           
And , almost a week after the incident , only a handful of arrests have been made despite reports of hundreds of men being involved .                                             
You may not call it propaganda , but giving the Irish people information about how good EU membership had been for Ireland .                                                   
The school said it was important for the safety and security of the school community to know who is on site and to be able to identify individuals .                                       
Some of Amy ' s friends , who had not seen her since she collapsed at the house party , welcomed the video but said it had upset them to see Amy in such a way .                       
But why must we have a business model where seven out of 10 customers lose out , while three out of 10 gain ?                                                 
She had a good record with us as far as student performance , and the students she worked with gave her positive reviews .                                                 
The campaign for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton announced Friday it raised $ 37 million over the past three months to support her bid for the Democratic nomination .                                       
After scoring five points on two - of - nine shooting in 26 1 / 2 minutes , Bryant left the Lakers bench before the game was over .                                       
At one point , he breaks off a conversation with Blair to let his pet answer the call of nature .                                                       
While Apple made no mention of China in its fiscal fourth - quarter earnings statement , the company may have more to say when it reports first - quarter results on Jan .                               
Two Munich train stations that were shut down for several hours on New Year ' s Eve over fears of a terrorist attack by militants from Syria and Iraq are operating again .                               
Belgian police said late on Thursday that three people had been arrested for questioning as part of an investigation into the plot .                                                   
France has asked the European Union to consider new sanctions against Iran over recent missile tests , in a request made shortly after the EU ended sanctions over Iran ' s nuclear program , officials have told The Associated Press .               
' I broke down last week when the police said that unless I get physically attacked or have money taken specifically from me , that they won ' t take any action .                               
The young woman has not been able to return to work this year and is suffering from stress and anxiety - related medical conditions .                                               
So when you hear some members of Congress and the people who want to be our President make these claims , keep these facts in mind .                                           
That background was on full display as he engaged with the candidates on their ideas to lift up all Americans and gave an opening address setting the stage for the day .                                 
The strategy went on to say " all products ( from cars through to high - fat foods to pet dogs ) potentially create harm .                                             
" I think whatever culture you ' re from you have these questions about where we come from , why we ' re here and what ' s going to happen in our future ," she said .                     
Next week is massive for me ; if I get through next week , it will be a great occasion next weekend .                                                   
He , like so many others , who did not want to be named , highlighted an " us and them " attitude that many in the area feel .                                     
U . S . government offices in the Washington area remained closed Monday after the weekend storm , as did state government offices in Maryland and Virginia .                                         
However , the world still faced a " really difficult problem " in reducing emissions at the same time as producing enough energy for a growing population , he added .                                   
We are delighted someone who lives in our area is happy to give up their time and show their support for the school .                                                 
But a lot of people are talking about it and I know that even some states are looking at it very strongly , the fact that he was born in Canada and he has had a double passport .                   
You can ' t shed the role at the end of the day ... much the way actors often say they also can ' t just emerge from the role .                                   
He will also lose his benefits if he keeps putting in for jobs he has no chance of getting , she said .                                                   
I know what something that ' s not right looks like , and I believe this was the right decision to make .                                                   
" People realise that we ' re in slightly different territory now than we have been in the past ," he said .                                                   
To get the answer , you will have to read all the interesting stuff between here and the end of the article .                                                   
" We ' re about massive scale data management ," Matt Johnson , the firms ' s chief technology officer , tells the BBC .                                               
Our research found that 25 per cent of those adults currently living at home with their parents do not expect to be able to buy their own home until they are aged 35 and over .                         
" Victoria Police will continue to work to save as many lives as possible this year , as we do every single year , but we can ' t do it alone ," he said .                         
I ' m worried that 5 or 6 years down the road , or any day now , he ' ll wake up different .                                               
The message weeks , months , years from now - everybody will see this as a dangerous place to come .                                                       
It was also good for us to have players back in this game , as they can help us more in the second half of the season .                                         
I remember Liverpool had a spell of play where they were on top , the crowd just went through the roof and I ' ve never felt anything like it .                                   
She was last employed doing a voice - over for a video game , and taught sign language to make ends meet .                                                   
Then there was the connection with me as well , so probably none of this would have happened if we weren ' t together .                                               
And even after all of that I was still strongly encouraged to go and do the interview with the Iraqi families .                                                     
His decision came after he lost his seat in the European Parliament and the party saw its vote collapse in that year ' s local elections .                                           
Unfortunately , as I said , where I grew up there was no other way and there still isn ' t a way to survive , no way to work in our economy to be able to make a living .               
A baby who just couldn ' t wait was delivered in a car by a New York City police officer .                                                       
" It feels like they ' re putting a lot of things under the Watson brand name - but it isn ' t Watson ," says Mr Hammond .                                       
According to the station , two of the young men were turned in by their parents , while the other two were found by police , authorities said .                                       
I don ' t know how it ' s even in there , but it made me smile just a little bit tonight !                                                 
Having worked in both I can see the enormous difference that this can make for the clients we support and their families .                                                   
The challenge is to ensure that new technologies benefit the greatest number of people , so that the " revolution " is peaceful .                                                 
And so all of a sudden , all of the things I loved , I got to find someone who loved that about me .                                               
Both men and women should feel free to be strong ," she said , in her speech to UN delegates .                                                       
Both candidates see an increase in support , with Clinton up by three percentage points since early January and Sanders up by two .                                                 
' If parents are being stopped from going back to work because they haven ' t got a support network , it ' s unfair on them ,' she says .                                   
Two other officials - including one from a nearby hotel - then arrive in a bid to get the man to his room .                                                 
I visited my mother at the weekend , not having heard from Edward , and as it happens Alex lives not far away .                                                 
We could have simply ignored the book and done nothing - but we were convinced that we had to do something .                                                     
He has advised women in the country not to get pregnant for the rest of the outbreak , which he said could last until July .                                             
That would be a tragedy at a human level and the knock - on impact on other services such as health and social care would be substantial .                                         
But Jeremy Corbyn has made clear repeatedly that it is going to be an open process and all differences will be respected in the shadow cabinet and the whole party and the whole parliamentary Labour party .                       
Both dogs are doing well and staying with animal control until their owner is well enough to return to her home .                                                     
I knew what I was getting into as far as I ' m going here to learn from the best coach in college football , but I didn ' t really know I would learn as much as I did .               
" From the school ' s perspective today -- and as almost all victims and numerous other witnesses indicated -- we believe the School could have done more to keep its students safe ," the St . George ' s report said .           
So if other countries ' economies are weak , our economy will be too , because they won ' t be buying much from us .                                             
The police claimed however it was nothing to do with a conspiracy of silence , and they had acted out of respect for the victims .                                             
I have a picture of her posed by a swimming pool aged six - she was a natural model from a young age .                                                 
Then he said , " Let ' s make a second one now ," so he still had mental energy to go on .                                                   
" I fight a lot with unions behind closed doors , I don ' t call the media to make a show of it ," she said .                                         
Now , it would seem , there ' s some feeling that it doesn ' t -- at least as reflected by this year ' s results .                                         
The commission will decide if there is enough evidence to warrant formal scientific recognition of a new age of humans and set new global standards .                                             
A woman who taught classes in English as a second language at the jail was arrested Thursday in connection with the escape .                                                   
However , they were keen to stress it may be many years before a treatment could be developed using the technique .                                                     
" I can think of no greater honour than to have the opportunity to serve my country and the people of Northern Ireland as their first minister ," she said .                                   
Her husband also said he would like to purchase a " dream car ," which had always been out of reach .                                                     
In addition , 15 water samples taken at three local schools show that all but one have lead levels that meet federal standards .                                                 
The high - end versions are already hitting the shops , and it surely won ' t be long before the high street follows .                                               
I ' m going after the right balls as opposed to last year [ when ] maybe I went after the wrong balls .                                                 
He is leaving open all possible coaching options for the future , and you can believe if Alabama wins Monday night , he will receive all sorts of offers .                                     
He said : ' As I pulled down the wall , the wall actually fell and broke through the floor ,' NBC Miami reported .                                                 
When the number of followers began to climb , so too did the pressure for Michael to create a new and exciting breakfast for the pair of them every morning .                                   
The director was born in Turkey but has lived in France for most of her life - traveling between the two countries regularly .                                                 
We will try to do so in a way which does not identify the source of the evidence , but we cannot guarantee this will be possible .                                         
It says a basic Virgin TV package cost £ 11 per month in December 2008 but has since risen to £ 18 per month - a 63 per cent rise .                                   
" You can ' t look into everything like that , even if it ' s really good or really bad ," he said , adding , " You know there ' s going to be stuff here and there .                 
The report cited regulatory challenges as the top concern of American businesses in China , with labor costs a close second .                                                     
This has left sales for the year to date up 3 . 7 per cent , below what had been expected .                                                     
" I love cars , I don ' t know as much about them as I ' d like to , but the aim of the game is to take apart an engine and put it back together myself ," she said .           
He ' s a good guy , he had a bad moment and it ' s just part of life and you have to deal with it .                                         
" The overall position is one of growing concern ," the report notes , warning that there is worse to come .                                                     
And this time , they ' re warning that the international agreement could take down the U . S . oil industry .                                                   
" I ' ve been hitting a lot of balls but not playing a lot of cricket , so I ' m just trying to keep the intensity up and be ready when the time comes ," Dean said .                 
The decision to remain in the house is entirely her choice and she has been given the option to leave at any time if she changes her mind .                                       
Mrs May said : " Police officers across the country carry out a wide range of duties , keeping the public safe and ensuring justice for the most vulnerable members of society .                                 
The technique uses the blood - brain barrier to the doctors " advantage , as it also serves to keep the drug in the brain .                                             
The group later placed CCTV in the area , which recorded footage of a person with a dog searching the small area of ground behind the water tank .                                       
Brussels has a population of just over 1 million people , but it has six different police departments and 19 districts .                                                     
He knew more about the job than I did , he had such a feel for what was going on .                                                       
The hearing was told the family was staying at a property owned by Mr David ' s parents - a place where they would regularly visit for holidays .                                       
Most recently , in July last year , he was arrested in Miami Beach after a loud party , while in the same month he was dropped from Australia ' s Davis Cup team following criticism of the Australian tennis authorities .             
The general sentiment is that he ' s been friendly , great to be around and has a good attitude .                                                       
I think it is important for him to realise and understand the person that he has become , and I want him to question himself and his actions in what he is doing , and to question whether this is truly him and what he really wants . 
We played them two weeks ago in Melbourne and we played really well so I think that will be in the back of their minds .                                             
The soldier , then aged 21 , was cleared by two military investigations - only to then face a murder charge in a civilian court , where he was once again cleared .                               
It ' s a local , stopping at every station , with hard bench seats , bars on the windows and people hanging out the open doors .                                         
But the relationship fell apart and he moved out soon after she returned from Africa and reportedly ended his affair soon after .                                                   
The immediate trigger of the sell - off was a report that showed that manufacturing in China fell in December for the 10th straight month .                                             
They ' ve made the assessment that Marco can ' t win this race , and the Washington establishment is rushing over to support Donald Trump ," he said .                                     
The judges accepted that evidence of a written claim to asylum in France was sufficient proof that they had initially sought safety there .                                                 
